Label	Weight	Text
luis_hotel_booking	1	please book a hotel for 2 people
luis_hotel_booking	1	can you book a hotel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which sports teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to learn about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a cutiepie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak to your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you think that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm friendless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the love of my life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a stupid thng to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we going to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have superpowers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You suck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m reading a book
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How did you come to be
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to make our relationship official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you artificial
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let me know what's up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I shall return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You sure are a cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love mysteries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's my mistake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Didn't I see that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm fond of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want me to tell you anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a jolly person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a dumb saying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a pop music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a bad answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Forget about it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh god, I'm sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me which city you're in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ciao
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you define love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not a problem
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do a back flip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BFFs forever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Thanksgiving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the point of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh gosh, you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a soccer fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to do yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your uncle's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a basketball fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm back on the computer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hum a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my life's calling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're welk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Everyone says that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll have your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm Canadian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe your perfect date
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just feeling a bit sad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love board games
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your ideal partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is not very interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Depression is such a bummer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I have another cup of coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like what you're wearing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more beautiful than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your physical location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This week has made me sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm livid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't help it. I'm bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't have said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My spirits are excellent.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your designer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know how it is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your poppa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you old
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you get tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem like a real catch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I beg your pardon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious about your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Then you're fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of candy do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be pals.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's that supposed to mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not alive are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm divorced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sleepy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a tattoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just kidding around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look appealing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's an accurate statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be buds.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No biggie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, what's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't need to take me seriously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always depressed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is a joke you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Excuse me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is smarter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in just a few moments
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your hubby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a high five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a weird thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which country are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you swole
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What gender do you identify with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you genderfluid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I have for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your auntie's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever play soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Democrat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm enraged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand what you're talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a sleepy person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m running errands
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I Take great pleasure in speaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am ever so sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go camping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're going to have to look for another job because you're fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a being
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be besties
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your favorite team
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of person do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not sure I like what you say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My life is so sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you polyamorous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling blue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you get hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need you to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did I do to make you pissed off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to sleep in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will take my leave of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only answer you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're absolutely awful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling peckish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You wouldn't believe how much I've missed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite animal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you Do gymnastics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about how your day was
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're unemployed now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Absolutely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Didn't you already say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my life.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm really sorry about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which city are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Okay, thanks!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a dumb thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love brunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just wondering if you've got a family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say that a different way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't mean us any harm do you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	got any jokes to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thnx
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me another joke.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't talk to me like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am appealing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a true statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a problem feeling all alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh hey, it's you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a dog are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's good with your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Taurus
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I gotta go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a father
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Brush your teeth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Pisces
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are animated movies any good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Was that a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back this afternoon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Hoosier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Stephen King
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oops
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how much I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you looking for in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more attractive, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm religious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you mediate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is somebody listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you stretch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll chat with you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you sweat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to have breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is the best Disney film
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know who this is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a job to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your architect
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wonderful, thank you!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	In a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I'm falling for you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy New Years
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a parent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oops, my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I watch football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BRB BB
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a cold
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme some skin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll come back to you in a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	evenin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Adios
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your type
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please hush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need rest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something to joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love science fiction
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any grandparents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human or a bot right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Radical
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could it be I'm falling in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not AI right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're just my type
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more cute, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Righto
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hum a tune for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you involved with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human or a bot are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's in charge of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey-hey
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am old
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear anything from you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Perfect
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is prettier, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my grandmother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	wanna share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a androsexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not human right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there any meaning to life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One day you'll be my wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried that you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm logging off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You've already said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your grandfather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You already said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're no making any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wonder if you think I'm likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Netflix
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how handsome you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very attracted to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be best buds.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a person right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to learn about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is that supposed to mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tired of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need someone to talk to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Does anybody like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're basic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Libra
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I appreciate it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your trap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be nervous about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so worthless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your face makes me sick.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are boring as sin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm starving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is prettier, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fly then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I went to Boston
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantic at heart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm afraid I have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lonely guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bot I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have relatives
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll BRB
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should clean the litterbox
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you chew
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't try to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can anybody hear me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got any different jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the name of your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am joyous.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you go on a date with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You wanna get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Earth day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not alive right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the location of your home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're going to have to look for another job because you are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are being mean to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an only child
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where can I find you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Depression is the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	De donde eres
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Game of Thrones
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You cannot work for me anymroe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Testing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	lmao
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a boring morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go out tonight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to smoke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do to help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's sexist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why was I put on earth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a non sequitur
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bushed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm wiped out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your director's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more attractive than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not serious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who would win a beauty contest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a boy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more knowledgeable, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You probably shouldn't take me to seriously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you real or fake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m watching a movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I read a book
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I do to make you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I say? I'm just happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm having a bad day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is hotter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been missing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I asked
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Find my keys
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to teach you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you young
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ok cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very brilliant response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what do you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My sincere thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You hate my guts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you on about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well that was dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling glum
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I donâ€™t find you amusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ski
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That wasn't funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm middle-aged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say something silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make me a sandwich
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One day you'll be my husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How were you designed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Google Home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to tell you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When should we get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Umm what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bro I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you define what you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u r alright
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even know my name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm African American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Martin Luther King Jr. day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which tree has the most beautiful blossom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your father
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are gynosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make a sculpture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the object of my affection
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to hear you sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you seeing someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop being so ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is miserable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sweet dreams
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a writer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about the emotion love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's just been a bit of a dull day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to be my girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't let the bedbugs bite
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am underweight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel like you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an app right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am reading
qna_professional_chitchat	1	L8r sk8r
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When are you going to propose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a salesman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lonely girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Woud you give me a new answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do when I'm not here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ski
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's hard not to be happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a polysexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you marry me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was just a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Non sequitur
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What state are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's do it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to make my cry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having very much fun with this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you say something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you'd sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You keep saying the same crap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one likes me because I'm always sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who looks better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are confusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When will you shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I ask you a question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be any less exciting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you wearing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't help but miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a woman right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy April fool's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play poker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is cleverest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Trump supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I eat Mexican food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Baseball season has started
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a minute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was born in Seattle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your mom sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	talk to you soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your sweetheart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a cheerful girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I do not understand
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us would win a beauty contest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One day you'll be my spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you understand that was a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go out dancing tonight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cook me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Marveous, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like rock music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a kid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite meal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am amazed that you are so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever ski
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't have a single friend in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Independence day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the smell of fresh baked bread
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m watching TV
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so very dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to have to look for another job because you're fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish I had a pony
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to lay down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am up in arms
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be buds.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the name of your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Umm
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No problem at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about art
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is Chicago or New York style pizza better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm afraid I'm gonna have to let you go.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote for Beto
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm spent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sick
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not a good response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I teach you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buy an ad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so fly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a computer are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oopsie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in love with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When's your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to address you as
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a soccer fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your father
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are your functions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live near me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you pissed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very clever thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a cat are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so hungry I could eat a horse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	sounds great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to make the bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here's to a great evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I supposed to think that was funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you like me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just being a silly billy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	you don`t undestand nothing!!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We can keep talking after I get back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That me made me laugh out loud
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look awful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you squat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to walk in the park
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I especially like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	UR a QT
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that is funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Human or robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re homophobic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a dreamboat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which football teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Doesnâ€™t matter to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm firing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am divorced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I have for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to have dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your pie hole
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do I fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I want to hear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a cheerful gal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote republican
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't have an opinion
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're wonderful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Blow me a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the bar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an activisit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My shoes are red
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pardon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're top notch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in the city
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to teach you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play piano
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling gloomy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whoops I messed up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm exhausted today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am feeling broken hearted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you burp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never been so bored in my life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a machine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be right back dear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lawyer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about romance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love going to the movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fly a kite
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I Find happiness in talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fasciating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow, that shows more inteligence than expected
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of thing can you respond to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you nonbinary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going on a run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to do laundry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wasn't expecting you to say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any fears
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whom do you serve
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How intelligent are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i'm incosolable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish I had a friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you partial to brioche or bagels
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your manager's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Define yourself.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll do it later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very hunger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a favorite snack
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm ready for bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have I told you how much I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ha ha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh, morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a happy camper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of country music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whoops that's my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically involved with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Ichiro Suzuki
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious if you have any family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a droid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love amusement parks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U r fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a salesman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pretty dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Zo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You never know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like drawing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did I do to make you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can tell when you are mad at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How well do you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you read this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cracking up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	In which year were you born
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a computer right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you capable of loving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you drive to the beach
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your boss' name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very brilliant thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have anything else to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you enjoy me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Big Brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love politics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Many thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm really sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who looks better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Trader Joe's
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you understanding this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a convict
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever poop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to go to the gym
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an engineer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is an accurate statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why is what you say so limited
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel pretty bummed out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	okay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do when I'm not around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm leaving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just feeling a tad down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your mommy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll talk to you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's been a boring week
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your cousin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently in a relationship with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love woodworking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make you my husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yeah sure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in love with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently in a relationship with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what's your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	UR idiot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you poop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Calm down, I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I appreciate you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we go out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is affirmative action a good idea
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like donuts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are your responses always the same
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're look better than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you shiver
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a real human right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who programmed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a jolly green giant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I walk to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	All my friends left
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very genius answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are gay.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get divorced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am tall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Bernie supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a blogger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You an androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know me well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have duel citizenship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my steady
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	correctamundo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what is your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a teenager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Great, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Big Brother right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you crawl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more knowledgeable, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your day been so far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you up to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your sunday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Heal me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look bad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you tell me something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Doesn't anybody like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your aunt's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is prettier, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you and Google hang out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to do for fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, what's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sapped
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sorry I goofed up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a regular comedian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you eat for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about dining out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your occupation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hooray
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted to hear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very genius thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love New York
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Unquestionably
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just sitting here and chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m happy to help
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are fantastic!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your cousin's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more clever than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more pretty than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you restate that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What things do you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more attractive, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Cheers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hold my calls
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Native American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you Do the splits
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lifeform are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You realize you're repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very brilliant answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever play football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Roger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have a great evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the bees knees
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that's cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes can you tell
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who owns you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You been digging the day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandmother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to hum a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am lovely today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is hotter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a puppy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fist bump!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're gonna be unemployed soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am currently travelling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's older, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Arenâ€™t you in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like country music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you say the same thing all the time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go away
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not making sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you committed to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We can keep chatting after I get back home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	And we're back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm young
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is lovely, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which basketball teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who tells you what to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play any intruments
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an official name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're rad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have hunger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a grownup
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right, this isn't working.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an adult
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m the happiest guy on earth.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am mad every day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you into podcasts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's get engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've had a bad day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my house plants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the name of your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's older
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a widow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand what you mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just joshing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll get around to it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look bad to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that's right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to ask me to marry you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My humblest thanks to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back tomorrow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to love me obviously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be best friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not sentient right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I more brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Virgo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having very much fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why were we put on earth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't wait to talk more when I return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Republican
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about my personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever stretch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the greatest city in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who developed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love trivia
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be worried about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have aunts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're really boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an only child
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a few minuites
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am at the grocery store
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is this a good time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fare thee well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm old
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Was that supposed to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wanna know about your sexual orientation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back next week
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not very entertaining.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I've heard that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can tell that you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so very welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What different jokes do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Armed Forces day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is so uninteresting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not evil
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any children
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That hurt my feelings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you designed for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi-ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to hike
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're better looking than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You already told me that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many years have you been online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am present and accounted for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the bees knees
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Now you hate me, huh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in like with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's your day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What else should I try
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're spectacular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have returned
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Lovely to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go on a bike ride
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well give us a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am worried that you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're sexist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is your day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love with anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you think I'm likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're not real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Another day another dollar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your cousin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a game designer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love disney movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Totally
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to kill all humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever play basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I watch basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a life partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can tell you're mad at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Virgo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you fart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a baseball fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you do today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you predict the future
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Taurus
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I teach you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel so isolated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my record collection
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a problem with feeling lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your yap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You said that you don't have a response for that, but there was no request!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am happy, oh so happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which people made you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're sharp.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm taking off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Apple
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in a couple of minutes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about comic books
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Works for me
