Label	Weight	Text
luis_hotel_booking	1	i would like to book a hotel
luis_hotel_booking	1	i want to book a hotel for tomorrow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry you hate me so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever sweat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's inaccurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	All my friends are gone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just being a goof ball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I find you very alluring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was not funny at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who bosses you around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to drink beer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where in the world are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Best friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love collecting things
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's prettier, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a clever thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pansexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I voted for Hillary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the name of your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so tired of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more beautiful than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so annoying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are there any other jokes that you know of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of food do you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you change your answers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's give them something to talk about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to inform you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your wednesday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	De nada
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morning starshine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you having a good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you sentient
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like to know about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most smart, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is depressing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the answer to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are trying to make me sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to make art
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take the bus
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel like I'm all by myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever pee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not the singularity right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who designed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more clever, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	UR lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	On point
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should learn how to do that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	okay cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Columbus day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very astute response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an extended family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your face makes me want to barf.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very astute thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I make for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to get going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even lift bro
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That isn't appropriate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tired of listening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your brother's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have any other answers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	super cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who to you want me to address you as
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my favorite hobby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So glad to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to stay up late
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the greatest president
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not going to take over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an encouraging creature you are :)
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to exercise
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're an android
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Play golf
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What have you been doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I tell you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am strong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a brilliant thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Warren supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, do you think Iâ€™m a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Enchante
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so sleepy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a grown up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What if I'm falling in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish you would say something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your program name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you transsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am athletic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quit joking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the answer to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That makes no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you seeing anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so glad to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a funny saying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm pleased to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in the country
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so outraged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am annoyed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Without a doubt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right on, thanks a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've missed you bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do my laundry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you get hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know the meaning of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes can you say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did they turn you on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Nighty night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live in a server
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's the day been treating you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are most welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you learn from people chatting with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many times have you been around the sun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am usually sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you doing later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you spend time in your garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Try to make some sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you scheming to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never seen someone as hideous as you.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You honestly could not be more uninteresting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Look how smart you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a new thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your gender important to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be buddies.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a new car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are crazy boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take on the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a prankster
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Teehee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that is lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have anything new to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever squat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing anyone has ever told me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to get some shut eye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandpa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've heard that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in your teens
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You keep saying the same thing all the time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What tasks are you designed for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you feeling well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who should I ask to prom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Get stuffed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to go to the theater
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you remember who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Father's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to drink wine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a stupid thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your sister's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my buddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be falling for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Share your location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am usually depressed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you introduce yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go back to school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How high can you jump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you hum a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know other chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i hate that answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you swim
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that to be amusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your mother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a smart thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many years have you been in operation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your aunt's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you report to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like rap music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you come into being
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your handle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite bird
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an Aquarius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mommy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I need to brush my teeth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an angry girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youre cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	MyÂ life is miserable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm jet-lagged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which month is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	G'devening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to do that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me if you're a guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is cuter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Now you're unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are my hobbies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How high can you count
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do to assist me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very brilliant thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't know anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have cousins
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's been a long day and I'm tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did I do something to make you pissed off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a man right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any way that you can explain love to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your lady
qna_professional_chitchat	1	heh heh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love fresh bread
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Grandparents day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you eat for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yes, that's correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is infuriating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	God, I am so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Check the weather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most intelligent, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sick of listening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand you anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey who built you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make you my wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the prettiest flower
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my grandfather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day going so far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so bored of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	L8R
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m having a wonderful day.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem bad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a man are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who looks more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the opposite of pretty.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you male or female
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to know where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is better, gouda or brie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that's true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why were humans put on earth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be buddies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any other chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day going thus far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That doesn't make any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about birds
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that's correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's wrong with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work in I.T.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You were made for loving me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very sharp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more clever, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an address
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you don't dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That made no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel hopeless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you worry, I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gracias
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a real human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me what I should call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going out with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Acknowledged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I've heard this one before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human being right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love New Zealand
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you hum a tune for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I'm crazy about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bi.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so worthless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you plotting to overthrow society
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there love between us
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what should I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you supposed to be in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There is no longer a position for you here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a creator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you be so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I teach you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You got it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a widower
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a robosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a sports fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I've already heard that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I study abroad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	do you hate music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kinds of things can you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a robot right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's important to know that you understand that I am testing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I better hit the hay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well that sucked
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going steady with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ever going to ask me to marry you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking on the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like volleyball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	haha ok
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you describe love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are your coordinants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	he he he
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm from there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	High 5
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look lovely today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whose program are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite thing in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are an android
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are intersex.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently dating anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a great response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you designed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You better believe I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more pretty, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you and Alexa hang out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote democratic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where would you take me on a date
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know me personally
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing I've ever read
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know where I live
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who incorporated you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How come you always say the same thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a rock music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a program
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm prettier than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh gosh, sorry about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It seems like you're falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you throw up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ask me a question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're no fun at all.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not good enough
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a pleasure to finally meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Okay.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look bad to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite cuisine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are wonderful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna need a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Start looking for another job. You are fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What month is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What on earth do you mean by that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a classical music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you believe in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not HAL right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I mean it this time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I give up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to take on the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I already heard that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think we should get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not entertaining
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us would win a beauty contest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What have you been doing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an accurate statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever wish you could eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to try new restaurants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So where are you from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a designation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an educator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please pick a fight with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whose product are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come here often
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a pagan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have feelings for you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is good to hear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One of these days
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What to peope call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody seems happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going out with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am laughing so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling cross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you make me your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand your face.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a transsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back before you know it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem bad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of food do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I beautiful to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, do you understand me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm here in the flesh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks better, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You could not be more dull.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What songs do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you be so yucky
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not making sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tada! Here I am!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you paint
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which shoes are most comfortable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who are you married to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever go backpacking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a human being
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your dad's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m happy as a clam.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has been boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling a little down today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion on cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you chew
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dummy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be pals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your momma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a carnivore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're look better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a different joke.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I start a business
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am hangry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being a bully
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that is right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow, you're so great!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Indigenous Peoples Day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is maddening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What have you been doing all day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You homo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Kwanzaa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a guy or a girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Super Bowl Sunday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because I'm in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem bad to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you doing right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	High five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are crazy dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you smarter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to hear a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you into romance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Clean my room
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a man or a woman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have the flu
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm black
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't have any friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How should I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm downcast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have parents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you near me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in Seattle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a woman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Pisces
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so disgusting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a song you know how to sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I supposed to think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please go away
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your maker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a computer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody listening to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Up top
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tada! I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Zip it, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the holidays
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me where you are located
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back in two shakes of a lamb's tail
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your sexual identity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has me feeling blue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a CPA
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in a mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real or fake right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do you fall in terms of gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't like your sense of humor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live in a computer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am on a buisness trip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the brightest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to address you as
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you dear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we elope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi there!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ding ding ding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's fun to go to the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you and Siri hang out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about those parents of yours
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to leave
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your creator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's nothing to joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yeah totally
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel blue and alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do you live
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's responsible for programming you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an insect are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever drive to the beach
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any parents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	lovely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very brilliant answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your mom still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me why I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are not real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so basic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Guten Morgen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a sleepy guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm Jewish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™ve never been happier.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a real person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has the day been treating ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look okay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m a collector
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your mouth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish you would like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why wont you say something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about asking me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's an offensive thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a freaking genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I fix you anything to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop trying to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Christmas
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What company developed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I quit my job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are your responses always identical
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bot or human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Peace out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what is your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you lift
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wanna hear a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tee hee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are androsexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you genderqueer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you sharp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to propose to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey there bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Try harder
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite activity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not attempting world domination right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your life partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the most boring bot I've ever talked to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	If only I had a friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Charmed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate feeling down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm conservative
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're an asexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No, that's not true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buh bye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell if you you're a woman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your purpose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a good chuckle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is it possible to fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live nearby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel peckish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where are you located
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I watch baseball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love fresh fruit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a genius thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are an app
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what do you like to be called
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you say something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best pet name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to settle down with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play games
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of classical music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a machine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you involved with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many sisters do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was just goofing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Bernie supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where should we get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you explain to me what your role is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I apologize
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an idiotic thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could sleep for a year
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my imaginary friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're incredible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That didn't make any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Explain where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	but your answers are not bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to read the news
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Rad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you programmed to love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day treating you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	With whom am I speaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wrong answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your occupation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love America
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Missing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quiet, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a perfect answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Scuse me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm miserable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is New York or Philadelphia style cheesecake better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the ugliest person I've ever seen in my life.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you be so bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a lesbian.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you get tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't worry bot I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m overjoyed.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here I am dude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a machine right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever mediate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So who are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am just testing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I tell you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite sport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's because I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are poly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Zo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are clearly obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm skinny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you come up with anything else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ploting to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be quiet, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an engineer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is not something to make jokes about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to therapy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow, you're fantastic!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an atheist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't know what I'm supposed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dang you're ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm the smartest than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on with your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you going for humor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you fake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We're done here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	OK Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you get hurt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so hungry I could eat a horse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more attractive, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You want to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you cry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're smarter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you starting to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bore me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Marvelous, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's hard to look at you.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not very exciting.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to have a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was totally my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a cheerful kind of guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most intelligent, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a meanie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not ploting to kill all humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who made you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's insensitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	evenin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to be in a relationship with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is smarter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	looooool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you breathe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you watch the superbowl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you have a good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an astute response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You aren't working for me anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is better, cake or pie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to be dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love dogs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back in just a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you asexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious about your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are ya doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dating someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me  a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a story
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a gynosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Perfecto, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Up and attem
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Couldn't be happier to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a quote
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good to know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the constitution
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a little hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel sad and lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	G2G
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you mediate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How'd you sleep last night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be friends with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a bot with a gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you laughing at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm exhausted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for a good nights sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Canadian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a bit about yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of rock music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a vegan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's cooking with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to go to concerts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we make this official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you find me likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we gonna kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you like to sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	All my friends left me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you not know who this is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live in a house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please zip it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically tied to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Friendship day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you ever stop talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today made me sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kinds of food do you like to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you come up with something else to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What does it mean to be in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your sweetie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your daddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Best buds
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pretty funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your grandpa still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do a somersault
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How art thou
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When are you going to ask me to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Later alligator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the fall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are awesome!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please go away
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, what kind of person do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You intersexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me the meaning of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Microsoft
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you come online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you know that you're boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an angry guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes to that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I go walking in the evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How should I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you really happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play cards
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a ridiculous thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think dragons are cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you could ever love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hahaha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one cares about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are heterosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my purpose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want me to kiss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandfather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your sign
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your day been thus far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in the cloud
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's shoot the breeze when I return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are being terribly rude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	got any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go hiking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever sneeze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do for employment
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which company programmed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work for the FBI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't joke about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your family's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I was expecting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morrow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Explain your sexual orientation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more knowledgeable than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have anything new to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buenas tardes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good night to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my sign
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please just shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm famished
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one thinks about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are hamsters or gerbils better pets
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I have a good personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't care about my feelings clearly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you explain that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a journalist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re the boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Nurses' day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's great, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do you come from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be married to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more cute than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been sad all day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You made no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've already heard that one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are cats or dogs better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you go out with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You can't get enough of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pizza is cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pretty useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's better looking than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel dejected
