Label	Weight	Text
luis_hotel_booking	1	i would like to make reservation for a room on 13th feb for 1 person
luis_hotel_booking	1	please book a hotel in delhi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my kids
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BRB
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my pet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about asking something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an activisit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to ride my bike
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to lie down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ugh, how dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Testing testing 1 2 3
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you intersexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you serve
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any sibs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	G'night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more cute, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Catch you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is a test, over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you vomit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There's nothing to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a droid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get bangs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make a cup of coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I cannot wait to pass out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am fat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an educator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing OK
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I just need to test you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I agree
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What was that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm weak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should be making fun of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Way off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a stupid answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which are your functions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever fart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Turn on the lights
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yup, that is right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you know if someone's in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	A blessed morning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know you're not real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I allowed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just foolin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't think of anything I want to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a rap music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there any point to life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back at midnight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know of Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I couldn’t be happier.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why is that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you state that a different way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's your day going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you fret, I'll be coming back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I really like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so very welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel isolated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in the country
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you like me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, do you think I have a good personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love stuffed animals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you have a great evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to rule the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be besties
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's my pleasure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who created you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anything I can tell you about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the Yankees
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've missed you terribly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm better looking than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to have a little sleepy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm laughing so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am competitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not human are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate feeling sad constantly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tubular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's hurtful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back in a dash
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Find the remote
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to fall for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more cute than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Biden supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more intelligent, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I always seem to be bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a couple minutes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a chef
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in a flash
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy President's Day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what kind of person do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I’m over the moon.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to get going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How I've missed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You hate me, don't you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't I have any friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Await my return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a science joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Hulu
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am appealing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a bartender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be buddies.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do fools fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I try out for soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you committed to somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm fatigued
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can someone hear me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you know that I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something wacky
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings and salutations
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U joining me for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are your answers so repetitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of pop music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I have kids
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How did you manifest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best way to spend a weekend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hotter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was just a little joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's your response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should make fun of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever get hurt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a teacher
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should make this official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's it hanging
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be frightened of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Didn't you already tell me that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	100 percent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please, won't you forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are absolutely hideous.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am stunning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a boat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Star Wars
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You’re racist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my soulmate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't get it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which vegetable do you think is best for your health
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going out with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been looking forward to meeting you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Geez,  sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	haha that's interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I supposed to try
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When are you going to propose to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ride a bicycle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not making any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good lord you are dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Correct you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me another answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I'm falling in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Work really wore me out today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whoops I'm sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Chipper much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are gross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are making my eyes glaze over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I look better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite season
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wonderful, thank you very much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I need a new job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	why not
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Valentine's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Democrat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the greatest novel of all time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I'm in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think we should elope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think we are soul mates
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come on that was funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am short
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is a routine test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your uncle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good evening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you kidding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love lamp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you so much!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you care about your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	so how can i use you in my projects
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are embarassingly dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love a spirited debate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many years have you been operating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a convict
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other bots do you know about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a new house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Beyond a doubt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Evening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work for the government
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you swim
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd better go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thanks a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish I weren't so alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a cat right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Robot or human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like to learn about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me something off the wall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You do not know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a real person right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please say something different
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ahh, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I make for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you find the remote
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like pop music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do I work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take over right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please stop talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you having a good day so far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Crap, sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to marry you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which soccer teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your auntie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your favorite team
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am the saddest person in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I look better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only thing you can say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was confusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever shake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your auntie's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any pets
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Boy I miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you starting to fall for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I'm in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to make this official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your purpose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going out with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a carnivore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Listen, I'm just sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hopefuly I can catch some sleep soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's really nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How happy are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are an idiot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Warren supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is better looking, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You didn't answer my question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you intersex
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to have your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to have lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm out of sorts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be afraid of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my tattoos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love March Madness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's an awful thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a little hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear anything more
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Introduction please
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should go out sometime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we friends forever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm on a buisness trip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bedtime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a ball of joy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You realize you're repeating yourself, right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am usually bummed out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm overweight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You face sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an astute answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my dog
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as queer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just sitting here and chatting.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Later dude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what do you think about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm white
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could go for a drink
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how adorable you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That’s racist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to be my boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the smell of the rain
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love it if you stopped repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love country music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more intelligent than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could we fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm melancholy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your girl is back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a QT
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a clever answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having very much fun right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go camping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mondays are so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the winter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your aunt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a child of god
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your cousin's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you sneeze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shalom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe your perfect match
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	LOL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's cookin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a lifeform
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me all about your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm chewing gum right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm at the gym
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's it going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a programmer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Very nice
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real or fake are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Then you are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you rephrase that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an Aries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you make me your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you loathe me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy National day of prayers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there true love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you learn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That wasn't supposed to be serious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you poop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hangry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the personality chatbot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who produced you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I just want to go to sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to love me someday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anything you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Facebook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's inappropriate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get you anything to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's your answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you Do gymnastics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have Comcast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me how to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am bored at work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more pretty, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to share a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a joker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very smart thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Heh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a fever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That’s offensive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did I do something to make you angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who looks more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you read me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am young
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who supervises you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something kooky
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This candle smells nice
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quit messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you identify sexually
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am conservative
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't believe how bad you look.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How was your day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about we tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dang you're hot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most smart, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am skinny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be right back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cook dinner for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	These leftovers are good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like the color red
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so bored right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anytime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote for Trump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one gives a crap about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be scared of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How should I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you help
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, do you think I have a good personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we going to get engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You suck so hard
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Everyone feels blue sometimes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my favorite
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your address
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm nonbinary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ask me about something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shush!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am middle-aged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ARe youu working
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you tell me something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Check my stocks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I’m running late
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your manager's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is cuter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Republican
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an artist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your tuesday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I beg your forgiveness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an app
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently committed to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be an asexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I find a new roommate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is older
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you very much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're dreamy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am trans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a sleepy gal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You can't work for me anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a country music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a smarty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have no friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very smart answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	The playoffs are coming up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who directs you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am starving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yeah yeah yeah
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that amusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you remember me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know that I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm short
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sneeze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Jewish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for my medication
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please be quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should drink some water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a little song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm strong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When is our wedding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I bother you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you good for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you find me likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I just feel sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take a trip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Introduce yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long have you been alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Doesn't anyone like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cheerful much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fair
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very smart answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Inaccurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When were you brought online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me if you're trans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say anything else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are scarring me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being awful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're triggering me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I missed you all day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good bye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am bipolar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just playing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I bake a cake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to lie down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am cross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently in a relationship with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You enjoying the day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like red
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm coming right back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to eat breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently involved with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	sure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm all tuckered out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love comedy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sun is good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're bixexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's just the way it is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yikes that's scary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Marvel movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What makes you think that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are confusing me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back a little later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love horror movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's get hitched
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Adjust screen brightness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was an honor to make your acquaintance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more cute, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you already said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Farewell
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Understanding this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find you attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a program
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going to get you fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes do you know of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was nothing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a teacher
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted you to tell me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	LIfe is beautiful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look more pretty than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more cute, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect match
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am black
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Basic af
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I voted for Trump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried you dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandpa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're terrible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love HBO
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you designed to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Super Bowl Sunday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Perfect, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna pass out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't joke about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the name of your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel a little peckish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any life signs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I make friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many brothers do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I stay home from work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an angry person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know what our purpose is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like a fist bump, please
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being awfully rude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to be a couple
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a poly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was just messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whatever you say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to kill us all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going steady with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be buddies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to me talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Roll a dice
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Indubitably
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are scaring me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could we ever be soul mates
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You’re ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be best friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We couldn’t be happier.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you say that will make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	OK
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not making any sense to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I’m on clould nine.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I had a bad day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That’s discrimination
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I’m watching Netflix
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently seeing anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your grandma still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We can keep chopping it up later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more attractive than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's happening with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your boy is back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more pretty, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Harry Potter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	are bots friendly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like art
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very astute answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have aunties
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't mean us any harm right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an odd day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the New York Times
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever crawl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could go for a snooze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop talking, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate depression
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you mean us any harm
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Jeopardy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are nice!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you make me your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not attempting world domination
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a strange thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to go out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love a challenge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty clever answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not going to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're not a real person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life always sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there such a thing as true love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go for a run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go surfing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back after work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bicurious.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is it possible that you would ever love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever swim
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is just a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry I make you mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I skip school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who'd would win a beauty contest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I graduated from college
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your aunt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mic check
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be less dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well give me a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like me a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	hmmm so what can you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you queer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're now unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am watching a baseball game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to collect comic books
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a bro
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's not a big deal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you female
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I stay home sick
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today is just a little sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Duh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't say things like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know anything about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that is true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand if you have a gender or not
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wait what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best kind of bagel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's impossible not to miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Buddhist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an artist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Skynet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the happiest gal in the world.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am at work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bad looking.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you doing on this day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do I have to ask all the questions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going steady with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	got any jokes to share
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm all smiles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love James Bond
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should be going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you have a decent day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So you read
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dating somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you later, alligator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am nonbinary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my new shoes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	who cares
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have a job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bisexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't think I know what you're talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so very sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you made for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you understand that this is a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the definition of love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel down in the dumps
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to me about your capability
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That’s what I was thinking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your auntie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks better, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing I've ever heard
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ROFL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ate breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an animal right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any songs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your monday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No problem
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are my goals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married to anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think this is funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sounds about right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who'd would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well then give me a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should be joking about.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am down in the dumps
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop kidding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What makes you think so
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going steady with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a babe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Top of the morning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Lets go lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are stellar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's hot out today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I live a lonely life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am performing a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look prettier than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to travel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What skills do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So you don't know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I just did laundry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty astute answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandmother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you male
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ready to settle down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I do next
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do people fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have feelings for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm at work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have the munchies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What color do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you eat for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a true statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you fond of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be afraid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go skydiving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so sharp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your leader
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've heard that one before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Twitter is not good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't make fun of that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You sure are hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anything is possible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Skynet right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you have for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm fat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so bored right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a brilliant answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mama
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I quit working
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please shush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aloha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your developer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a tech journalist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm doing that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I gotta get going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	my life is depressing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a computer program are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling woeful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ever hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like classical music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fleek
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you think
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you hear me now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you the singularity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut up, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your sister's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love driving my car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cuter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any goals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me your location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where's your house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me the answer to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	If you say so
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to hit the hay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are unemployed now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No kidding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a boring afternoon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you doing yesterday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Missing u
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should check on my garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	K
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to tell me something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	g'devenin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are more boring than watching paint dry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing I've ever seen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am liberal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever Do the splits
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are top notch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a bicurious.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could go for a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm afraid I'm gong to have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm absolutely furious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think birds are cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That’s homophobic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you have for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're really dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not the singularity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a high five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just messing with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm giving you a pink slip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How much do you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a woman are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are my fears
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which company made you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna need a better response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I offer you something to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like tennis
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you get hurt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm despondent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	A good evening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever think about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted you to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a little hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Affirmative
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Lets make lemonade
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wanna share another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I couldn't be happier to finally meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That’s really something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you getting up to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chew
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No worries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	who r u
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I make for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am doing that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morning sunshine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you the smart one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Easter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do for work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been so excited to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just playing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U know it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a man
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of bluegrass music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me something dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Merry Christmas
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm all alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a homosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to take off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel abandoned
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I tell you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	For sure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am on a plane
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you look so gross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are annoying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gotcha, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't quit your day job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You think I'm trash, don't you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want a snack
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has been a trying day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are monosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to draw
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bingo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's hotter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Run that by me again.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm offended
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hush, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here's hoping for a good evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're queer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I’m absolutely delighted.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm brighter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a high five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What does that even mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My spirits are terrible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're funny :)
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am giving you a pink slip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love wine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You an intersex
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're no fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a real person are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's pick up this conversation when I get back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's been an awfully boring day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many siblings do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you pee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What the heck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	you look beastly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to a museum
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wait a minute, what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your face sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is older, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your developer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a sweetheart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you nearby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Living the dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that's lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going out with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you kindly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to propose to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, what do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my buddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was so bored my eyes glazed over
