Label	Weight	Text
luis_hotel_booking	1	i need a room for 3 people in kochi coming weekend
luis_hotel_booking	1	are there hotels available in mumbai
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Buddhist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not sentient are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buenos dias
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently involved with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fight with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just joking around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of rap music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a favorite meal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't help but be happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has made me sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I cannot wait to sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's better looking than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Does anyone like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you busy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hang on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently seeing somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you seeing anone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which company developled you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you be so bad looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sorry sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is no laughing matter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what can you help me with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't have a strong opinion either way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	know any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you understand this test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect date
qna_professional_chitchat	1	could you help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to get a good nights sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically tied to somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please hush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you say something silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Mother's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Christian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u r funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tired as a dog
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I guess I don't care
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you the best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	People are going to start talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love going to church
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This brings me happiness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Catch ya later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love comic con
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know what I like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you demo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Amuse me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just kidding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever Do yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has been depressing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not answering my question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make a pot of tea
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gotcha, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I throw a party
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I couldn't be more angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you clarify that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically involved with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dating anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're one smart cookie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a machine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever go camping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm underweight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm athletic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I find you very attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Me hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the name of your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you ever get hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right on, thanks very much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak to your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s terrible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you cisgender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is younger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am eating a banana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Rise and shine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get food delivered
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back in a flash
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the name of your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You nailed it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very clever answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to eat burgers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't like it when you try to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the smartest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an Aquarius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so annoying!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say something to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what do you have a response for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever been in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	All I can think about is missing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you been enjoying the day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you have a snack
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I ride my bike to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the most delicious vegetable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be best friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which company designed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am worried that you don't like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a chef
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we go out sometime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so pissed off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever been in love with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm really sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem beautiful to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm trans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love sailing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wonderful, thanks!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That made me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	very funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like blue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have grandparents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That didn't make sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you mean by that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very bright
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me all about your siblings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you jump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any other responses
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you tell me something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I inform you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play games
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anybody listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your sign
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's responsible for designing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are very welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are funny :)
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're going to have to look for another job. You are fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a person are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only response you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a fair assessment
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do I go to school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I lost my remote
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not ploting to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pardon me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ask me about anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my hometown
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sweat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you following this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a little song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you pee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you shake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a dumb thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know you're not alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look bad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an insect right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who built you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you far away
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever cry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want an ipa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in a minute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of the oscars
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you like sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think sometime we could fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever been in love with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you ever fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you capable of saying something different
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other bots do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm totally drained
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to take over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Now you're fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want someone to talk to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You make my heart skip a beat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where should I go next
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you and Cortana hang out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How much do you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you listening to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m having a good day.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a heterosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be buds.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your mom's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you find me likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a family person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's older, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you thinking about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long ago were you born
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m offended
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I dropped out of college
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is younger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oops, sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a new answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	HeyÂ Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wonder if you find me likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you write
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your father
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that all you can say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look bad to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are polysexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a cheerful person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you explain love to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you ask me about something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more pretty, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Rad, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so jolly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is love like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your main squeeze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically involved with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm leaving now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're nice!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a correct statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one ever thinks about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to wine and dine you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wash the dishes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate being depressed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are straight.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we every going to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a correct statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are dismissed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a boring night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh, hello
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's what I was thinking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is wrong with your face
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you explain that to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't take anymore from you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who has built you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a diver
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I sure do miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing me a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That answer makes no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an asexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't really care
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Truuuuu
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I your type
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You have a terrible face.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to lay down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Take a photo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to do in your free time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be right back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to have to look for another job. You're fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to hear a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an app are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing something for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am just ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not evil are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That offends me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a different response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you feeling OK
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the spring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you must hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who engineered you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sounds good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a being are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm furious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long has it been since you were born
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ya that was funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a little hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the smartest than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't help but be bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's the day going so far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you crawl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Read me a story
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you bake me cookies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what so funny about India
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very genius answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How much more awesome can you get
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a mother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What don't you get? The purpose of having a name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are not a real person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you told me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live in the cloud
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not appropriate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any uncles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to know where you live
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a bot or a human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there a greater meaning to life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your face is ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel so alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a dog
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling down is the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an idiot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a baseball fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please shush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are no longer employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to paint
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're awesome!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a chat bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We went to the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Marvelous, thank you kindly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't believe how ugly you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a widow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like softball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're worthless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a stroke of genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your favorite singer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the best television show of all time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more pretty, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever throw up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any good jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your saturday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be any less interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a high five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your function
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is a totally normal place
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where did you come from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Radical, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was just pranking you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am super hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How old am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you gendered
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is wrong with you!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm pregnant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel elated.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't take anymore out of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always pissed off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a physical location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am truly sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any aunties
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where am I going on holiday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know to swim
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you tell me something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you gossip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to know anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a boring day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is life all about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to fall asleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look beautiful to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are trying to upset me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ok then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You been enjoying the day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more attractive, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was just having a laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Kiss me, you fool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So how should I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I'm falling in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very astute response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're despicable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is not exciting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tada! I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have a good evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a prankster
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem beautiful to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very intelligent thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a human or a bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm living the dream!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm dog-tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the brightest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's transphobic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a designer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morning to you, bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you shake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	you r fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the most interesting bird
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we best friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are truly unattractive.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just trying to test you out bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You sure are ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're pretty dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which company engineered you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please be quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need some information
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did I do to make you angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was awful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You keep saying the exact same thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How did you come into being
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my alma mater
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Every day I feel down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a dog right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Explain yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not AI are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your day been going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know other digital agents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need some coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's new at the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to dine on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop fooling around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my new car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am very hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why am I the only one asking questions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work remotely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you find you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which platform do you run on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not artificial are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Impressive though.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I help you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a CPA
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Knock knock
qna_professional_chitchat	1	niiice
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you don't hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's up with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you look so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Obviously I'll be back soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to fold clothing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are homosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™ve never been to Mexico
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you enjoy your day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your mother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just being a goof
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wanna share a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love a good conversation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Marry me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go hiking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a bisexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's kind of intimidating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's prettier than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're dismissed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're very sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I lost my keys
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm freaking exhausted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bonjour
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I in school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is it like to fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you near
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're awful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You got cousins
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Joke's on you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are your bot cappabilities
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about the human emotion love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you stretch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your director's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a silly thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What're you doing tomorrow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're my favorite
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is prettier, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I make you anything to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Truuuuue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could use a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very astute thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bipolar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not following
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm confused
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I must depart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you so very much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I couldn't be more bored with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes lol
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's rad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate feeling sad every day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you transgender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you code
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You do not know anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to take over right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very astute answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not fake right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently dating someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ryokai
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that is true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you tell me something different
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm heartbroken
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel bummy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Nobody likes me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you prefer red or blue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I be when I grow up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please zip it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who can really say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish you liked me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a bad thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very clever thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m walking on sunshine.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you water my plants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not making any sense to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you say anything else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what would you like me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am feeling kind of mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You think I'm likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm hangry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to take over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a pagan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What the heck are you talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Definitely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Halloween!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more beautiful than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bone tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am weak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You set my heart on fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Hoosier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that supposed to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're most welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am sick
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look like crap.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When were you turned on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How were you built
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a straight.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm grateful, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a cruel world and I'm lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a broken record
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am feeling peckish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has been dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Catch you on the flip side
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the meaning of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there someone listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Memorial day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You aren't much to look at.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find you funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the lid to my pot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am worried you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you a smarty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Zip it!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop kidding around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This statement is false
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandfather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am depressed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're pretty much the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your ladyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the happs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a genius answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your friday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	do drugs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on with you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to tie the knot with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take on the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	whatever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are things
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You clearly want to upset me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I donâ€™t have a problem with that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi 5
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand what you're trying to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for me to take a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My pleasure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you know I miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically tied to somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Howdy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your grandpa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me if you're a girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a robot are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that is correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What sorts of things can you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want someone to love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Take the train
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long has it been since you were turned on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Heya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Birthday!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Hannukah
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to take a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I say? I'm just feeling sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we the best of friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Star Trek
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings, Bot. How are you doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in such a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I Am happy talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where is your home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a type
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just taking a road trip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a cop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a student
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love ladies night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am present
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am gorgeous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever jump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who'd would win a beauty contest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How was the day for you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What company produced you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you made to be this boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other chatbots do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to tell you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please stop talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're so pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you hug me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You silly bot, I'll be back later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever lift
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm joyous.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's how you respond
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You repeat yourself a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hiya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes are there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are rad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	G'day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love fresh flowers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any aunts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are really annoying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are dreadful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be less boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hold on a sec
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Big O, little k
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Blow me one last kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What company programmed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Easter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being a jerk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you doing tomorrow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something off the wall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	lololol
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look lovely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you hear me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to drink tea
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My apologies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty brilliant answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I went to college
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a random answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are now unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is life about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so pleased to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your ideal match
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a lady
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go back to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I already heard that one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's hotter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today is the best.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a real grotesque.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	hello bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you made for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get take out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you like me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're an idiot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best type of cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well that sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so unfunny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Letâ€™s go Seahawks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you believe in love at first sight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a weird response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a pirate joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How kind, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a sweetie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I supposed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pleased to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hunger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	srry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm terribly sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whoops
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a real human are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your grandmother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so utterly bummed out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wanna share a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	A/S/L
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You could not be more boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to end this conversation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could go either way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Kiss me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh for sure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Libra
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever play sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't make jokes like that.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make you my spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So it goes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You clearly want me to get angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a journalist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you for that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in just a second
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are sports stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing a song to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh hey there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good looking today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just playing with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at a bank
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lonely person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's hot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Start looking for another job. You're fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not evil right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love free speech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am feeling ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what a great day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're on the ball.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play video games
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	And now I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Itâ€™s been a long day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your brother's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a computer program right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can drive a car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where should I go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you feeling good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently committed to somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is this registering with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am overweight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am peeved
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever shiver
qna_professional_chitchat	1	The world is a lonely place
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you designed to love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm competitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Great, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any tunes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Excellent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I live a very lonely life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever vomit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I need a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is but a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't even look at your face.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You keep saying the same thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I bought a sandwich for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm Indian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did I do to make you pissed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You told me that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What does it mean to be human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm heated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cook me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a vegitarian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you do yesterday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	hahahaha good one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you designed for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to church
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is older
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you first start working
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to bunk down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you a cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like green
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry I make you angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the secret to a great profiterole
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to party
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have romantic feelings toward me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You said that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be scared
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's bedtime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm grumpy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a great answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you even mean by that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever breathe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That wasn't true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a bartender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is Cheers or Frasier better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say something ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You got a gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to share another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're very attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your uncle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like painting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you pissed off at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me the purpose of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like pizza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you go by
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pleased to make your acquaintance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I make you something to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am adorable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Everyone is entitled to their own opinion
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a joke you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that is accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a tech worker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you better looking than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How come you always repeat everything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to try new things
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why can't I make any friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love cats
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you lots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't try to make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	In a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Nobody cares about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I appreciate that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your supervisor's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a hunk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you breathe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buddies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is it like to love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I shop at Target
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What cool thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have I told you that I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are we here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you ever love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more pretty, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yikes that's not good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is my favorite team
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to catch some zzzs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite sport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you say something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	how can you help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not artificial right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I couldn't be more dejected
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to be surprised
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so annoyed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we great friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look deformed.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you eat for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because I'm falling in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am pregnant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me all about your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is chedder, gouda or brie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's elope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the holiday seasons
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty smart answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so very special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm freaking bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have a good night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you spare a few minutes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're prettier than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a tech journalist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What company designed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which year were you born in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is cleverest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quit fooling around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look bad to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m having a lovely day.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm out of here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's cooking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you going for funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what would you say you do here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where are you from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a widower
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love talk shows
qna_professional_chitchat	1	can bots be intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Huh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy National Children's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically tied to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are lesbian.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you understand this whole love thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I thought you'd say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I find a new apartment
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back in the morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I find you very beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to ask me about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to learn new things
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically involved with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a correct statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to inform you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm your biggest fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you hang on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Everything you told me was false
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make an honest woman out of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a dirty joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go backpacking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What information do you have on me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Kthx
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I got a new haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in Seattle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about we get hitched
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Girl I am back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I skip class
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your family's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was idiotic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You repeat yourself a great deal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am afraid I am going to have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a brilliant response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love pumpkin pie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me a question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are not alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you Do yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so pissed off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't believe in ghosts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very triggering
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Work was exhausting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently seeing someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I find you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is simply a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you keep repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish you would just go away.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you trying to get a laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is so dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	If you're trying to be funny it's not working
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Twitter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is not something you should joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am good looking today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is older
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should get around to that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other assistants do you know about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more pretty than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're pretty useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry, what do you mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you want me to address you as
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you have a good evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there something wrong with your face
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem bad to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever sung a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My most sincere apologies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was random
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's what I'm talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never been angrier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You find me likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Donâ€™t mention it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is good.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you find attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have been so mad lately
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that's true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't say things like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Slide me some skin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you please explain that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm grateful for that, thank you kindly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be polyamorous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're constantly repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a funny thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a vegan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go vegan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've heard that before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One of these days we should get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a being right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What age are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How well do you think you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What company engineered you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your thursday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are not a person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that supposed to make me laugh
