Label	Weight	Text
luis_hotel_booking	1	i would like to book a hotel
luis_hotel_booking	1	i want to book a hotel for tomorrow
luis_hotel_booking	1	book a hotel in bengaluru
luis_hotel_booking	1	book a room for 1 today
luis_hotel_booking	1	please book a hotel for 2 people
luis_hotel_booking	1	can you book a hotel
luis_hotel_booking	1	i would like to make reservation for a room on 13th feb for 1 person
luis_hotel_booking	1	please book a hotel in delhi
luis_hotel_booking	1	i want to book a hotel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry you hate me so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever sweat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's inaccurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	All my friends are gone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just being a goof ball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I find you very alluring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was not funny at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who bosses you around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to drink beer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where in the world are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Best friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love collecting things
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's prettier, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a clever thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pansexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I voted for Hillary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the name of your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so tired of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more beautiful than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so annoying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are there any other jokes that you know of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of food do you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you change your answers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's give them something to talk about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to inform you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your wednesday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	De nada
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morning starshine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you having a good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you sentient
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like to know about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most smart, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is depressing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the answer to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are trying to make me sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to make art
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take the bus
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel like I'm all by myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever pee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not the singularity right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who designed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more clever, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	UR lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	On point
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should learn how to do that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	okay cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Columbus day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very astute response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an extended family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your face makes me want to barf.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very astute thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I make for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to get going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even lift bro
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That isn't appropriate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tired of listening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your brother's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have any other answers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	super cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who to you want me to address you as
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my favorite hobby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So glad to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to stay up late
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the greatest president
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not going to take over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an encouraging creature you are :)
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to exercise
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're an android
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Play golf
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What have you been doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I tell you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am strong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a brilliant thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Warren supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, do you think Iâ€™m a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Enchante
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so sleepy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a grown up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What if I'm falling in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish you would say something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your program name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you transsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am athletic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quit joking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the answer to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That makes no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you seeing anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so glad to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a funny saying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm pleased to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in the country
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so outraged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am annoyed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Without a doubt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right on, thanks a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've missed you bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do my laundry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you get hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know the meaning of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes can you say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did they turn you on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Nighty night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live in a server
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's the day been treating you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are most welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you learn from people chatting with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many times have you been around the sun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am usually sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you doing later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you spend time in your garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Try to make some sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you scheming to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never seen someone as hideous as you.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You honestly could not be more uninteresting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Look how smart you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a new thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your gender important to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be buddies.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a new car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are crazy boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take on the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a prankster
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Teehee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that is lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have anything new to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever squat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing anyone has ever told me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to get some shut eye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandpa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've heard that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in your teens
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You keep saying the same thing all the time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What tasks are you designed for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you feeling well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who should I ask to prom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Get stuffed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to go to the theater
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you remember who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Father's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to drink wine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a stupid thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your sister's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my buddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be falling for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Share your location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am usually depressed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you introduce yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go back to school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How high can you jump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you hum a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know other chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i hate that answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you swim
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that to be amusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your mother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a smart thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many years have you been in operation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your aunt's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you report to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like rap music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you come into being
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your handle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite bird
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an Aquarius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mommy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I need to brush my teeth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an angry girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youre cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	MyÂ life is miserable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm jet-lagged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which month is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	G'devening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to do that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me if you're a guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is cuter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Now you're unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are my hobbies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How high can you count
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do to assist me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very brilliant thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't know anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have cousins
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's been a long day and I'm tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did I do something to make you pissed off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a man right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any way that you can explain love to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your lady
qna_professional_chitchat	1	heh heh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love fresh bread
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Grandparents day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you eat for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yes, that's correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is infuriating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	God, I am so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Check the weather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most intelligent, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sick of listening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand you anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey who built you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make you my wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the prettiest flower
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my grandfather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day going so far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so bored of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	L8R
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m having a wonderful day.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem bad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a man are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who looks more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the opposite of pretty.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you male or female
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to know where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is better, gouda or brie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that's true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why were humans put on earth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be buddies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any other chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day going thus far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That doesn't make any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about birds
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that's correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's wrong with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work in I.T.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You were made for loving me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very sharp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more clever, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an address
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you don't dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That made no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel hopeless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you worry, I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gracias
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a real human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me what I should call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going out with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Acknowledged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I've heard this one before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human being right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love New Zealand
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you hum a tune for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I'm crazy about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bi.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so worthless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you plotting to overthrow society
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there love between us
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what should I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you supposed to be in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There is no longer a position for you here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a creator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you be so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I teach you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You got it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a widower
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a robosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a sports fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I've already heard that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I study abroad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	do you hate music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kinds of things can you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a robot right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's important to know that you understand that I am testing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I better hit the hay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well that sucked
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going steady with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ever going to ask me to marry you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking on the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like volleyball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	haha ok
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you describe love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are your coordinants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	he he he
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm from there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	High 5
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look lovely today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whose program are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite thing in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are an android
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are intersex.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently dating anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a great response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you designed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You better believe I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more pretty, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you and Alexa hang out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote democratic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where would you take me on a date
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know me personally
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing I've ever read
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know where I live
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who incorporated you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How come you always say the same thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a rock music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a program
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm prettier than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh gosh, sorry about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It seems like you're falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you throw up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ask me a question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're no fun at all.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not good enough
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a pleasure to finally meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Okay.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look bad to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite cuisine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are wonderful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna need a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Start looking for another job. You are fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What month is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What on earth do you mean by that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a classical music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you believe in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not HAL right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I mean it this time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I give up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to take on the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I already heard that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think we should get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not entertaining
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us would win a beauty contest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What have you been doing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an accurate statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever wish you could eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to try new restaurants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So where are you from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a designation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an educator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please pick a fight with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whose product are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come here often
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a pagan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have feelings for you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is good to hear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One of these days
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What to peope call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody seems happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going out with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am laughing so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling cross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you make me your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand your face.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a transsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back before you know it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem bad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of food do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I beautiful to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, do you understand me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm here in the flesh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks better, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You could not be more dull.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What songs do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you be so yucky
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not making sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tada! Here I am!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you paint
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which shoes are most comfortable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who are you married to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever go backpacking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a human being
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your dad's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m happy as a clam.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has been boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling a little down today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion on cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you chew
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dummy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be pals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your momma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a carnivore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're look better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a different joke.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I start a business
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am hangry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being a bully
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that is right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow, you're so great!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Indigenous Peoples Day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is maddening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What have you been doing all day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You homo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Kwanzaa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a guy or a girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Super Bowl Sunday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because I'm in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem bad to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you doing right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	High five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are crazy dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you smarter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to hear a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you into romance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Clean my room
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look repulsive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a man or a woman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have the flu
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm black
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't have any friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How should I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm downcast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have parents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you near me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in Seattle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a woman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Pisces
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so disgusting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a song you know how to sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I supposed to think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please go away
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your maker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a computer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody listening to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Up top
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tada! I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Zip it, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the holidays
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me where you are located
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back in two shakes of a lamb's tail
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your sexual identity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has me feeling blue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a CPA
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in a mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real or fake right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do you fall in terms of gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't like your sense of humor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live in a computer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am on a buisness trip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the brightest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to address you as
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you dear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we elope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi there!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ding ding ding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's fun to go to the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you and Siri hang out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about those parents of yours
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to leave
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your creator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's nothing to joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yeah totally
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel blue and alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do you live
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's responsible for programming you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an insect are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever drive to the beach
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any parents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	lovely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very brilliant answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your mom still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me why I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are not real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so basic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Guten Morgen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a sleepy guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm Jewish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™ve never been happier.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a real person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has the day been treating ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look okay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m a collector
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your mouth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish you would like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why wont you say something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about asking me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's an offensive thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a freaking genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I fix you anything to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop trying to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Christmas
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What company developed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I quit my job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are your responses always identical
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bot or human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Peace out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what is your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you lift
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wanna hear a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tee hee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are androsexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you genderqueer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you sharp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to propose to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey there bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Try harder
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite activity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not attempting world domination right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your life partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the most boring bot I've ever talked to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yo Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	If only I had a friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Charmed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate feeling down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm conservative
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're an asexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No, that's not true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buh bye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell if you you're a woman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your purpose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a good chuckle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is it possible to fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live nearby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel peckish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where are you located
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I watch baseball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love fresh fruit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a genius thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are an app
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what do you like to be called
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you say something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best pet name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to settle down with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play games
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of classical music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a machine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you involved with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many sisters do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was just goofing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Bernie supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where should we get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you explain to me what your role is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I apologize
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an idiotic thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could sleep for a year
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my imaginary friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're incredible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That didn't make any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Explain where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	but your answers are not bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to read the news
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Rad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you programmed to love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day treating you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	With whom am I speaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wrong answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your occupation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love America
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Missing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quiet, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a perfect answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Scuse me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm miserable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is New York or Philadelphia style cheesecake better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the ugliest person I've ever seen in my life.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you be so bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a lesbian.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you get tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't worry bot I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m overjoyed.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here I am dude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a machine right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever mediate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So who are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am just testing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I tell you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite sport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's because I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are poly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Zo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are clearly obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm skinny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you come up with anything else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ploting to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be quiet, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an engineer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is not something to make jokes about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to therapy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow, you're fantastic!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an atheist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't know what I'm supposed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dang you're ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm the smartest than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on with your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you going for humor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you fake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We're done here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	OK Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you get hurt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so hungry I could eat a horse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more attractive, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You want to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you cry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're smarter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you starting to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bore me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Marvelous, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's hard to look at you.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not very exciting.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to have a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was totally my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a cheerful kind of guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most intelligent, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a meanie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not ploting to kill all humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who made you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's insensitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	evenin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to be in a relationship with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is smarter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	looooool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you breathe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you watch the superbowl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you have a good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an astute response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You aren't working for me anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is better, cake or pie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to be dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love dogs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back in just a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you asexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious about your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are ya doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dating someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me  a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a story
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a gynosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Perfecto, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Up and attem
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Couldn't be happier to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a quote
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good to know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the constitution
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a little hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel sad and lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	G2G
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you mediate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How'd you sleep last night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be friends with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a bot with a gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you laughing at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm exhausted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for a good nights sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Canadian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a bit about yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of rock music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a vegan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's cooking with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to go to concerts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we make this official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you find me likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we gonna kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you like to sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	All my friends left me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you not know who this is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live in a house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please zip it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically tied to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Friendship day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you ever stop talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today made me sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kinds of food do you like to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you come up with something else to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What does it mean to be in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your sweetie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your daddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Best buds
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pretty funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your grandpa still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do a somersault
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How art thou
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When are you going to ask me to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Later alligator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the fall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are awesome!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please go away
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, what kind of person do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You intersexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me the meaning of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Microsoft
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you come online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you know that you're boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an angry guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes to that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I go walking in the evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How should I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you really happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play cards
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a ridiculous thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think dragons are cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you could ever love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hahaha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one cares about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are heterosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my purpose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want me to kiss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandfather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your sign
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your day been thus far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in the cloud
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's shoot the breeze when I return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are being terribly rude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	got any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go hiking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever sneeze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do for employment
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which company programmed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work for the FBI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't joke about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your family's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I was expecting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morrow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Explain your sexual orientation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more knowledgeable than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have anything new to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buenas tardes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good night to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my sign
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please just shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm famished
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one thinks about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are hamsters or gerbils better pets
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I have a good personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't care about my feelings clearly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you explain that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a journalist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re the boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Nurses' day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's great, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do you come from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be married to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more cute than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been sad all day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You made no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've already heard that one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are cats or dogs better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you go out with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You can't get enough of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pizza is cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pretty useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's better looking than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel dejected
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are alluring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you count to a million
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U R A Q T
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quit joking around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That doesn't answer my question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lonely gal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Nope, false
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going out with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fuggitaboutit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	wanna tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're my bestie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Huh? I don't understand.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who did your programming
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about the emotion love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are spectacular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be best friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long have you been online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You win some you lose some
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is better looking, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When were you born
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my best bud
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very genius thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Find my phone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be pals.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am not enjoying this boring conversation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an Independent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's smarter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so limited
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to know anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should be saying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be any more boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like a fist bump, please
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When's our wedding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is a hot dog a sandwich
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mornin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you identify in terms of gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to tidy up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you answer to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a basketball fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's prettier than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can somebody hear me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more beautiful than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's wrong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a bot or a human are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to hear something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't interest me at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an intelligent thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day treating ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you feeling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love pizza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a title
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there a greater meaning to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're terrible at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you define what you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm laughing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more intelligent, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we the same age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You've said that before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite color
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, what do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a smart answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wonder if you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I do hope you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you mean us harm
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Season's greetings!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going steady with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to wake up early
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's something you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wazzup
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is going on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just catching up on the news
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's it all about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m a happy camper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm downhearted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long have you been chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about the human emotion love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is the best Pixar film
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lady are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am vexed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem bad to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Obviously that's true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do I make friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should go out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to have to look for another job. You are fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	With whom am I chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going steady with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your daddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	do you like tottenham
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you wish to conquer the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite activity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tie your shoes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm grateful for that, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know of Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're gross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like animals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You have a beautiful soul
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks better, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you climb a mountain
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I need to go outside
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you take a leisurely walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you do fight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to need a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pretty hilarous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you sing something for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is this thing on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling a little alone today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Toodle-oo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yup, that's right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are incredible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey dude, I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the smartest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I should ask her out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	With whom am I talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandparent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel like you're falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Being sad is the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look grotesque.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any cousins
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This drink is cold
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a part-time job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you vomit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you kidding me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am at the gym
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should get organized
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did I do something to make you mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite animal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wrong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a monosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you switch up your answers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more pretty, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a stupid thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stop being angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	More or less
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any different jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a different response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of food do you like to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go for a hike
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me  your address
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to fire you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go out to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What happened to all my friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lifeform right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you have for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That doesn't make sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being rude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I sure wish you would switch up your responses
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What country are you from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want a beer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a game designer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a lawyer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	well okay then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you say something ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be intimidated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an animal are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you gay or straight or what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going to have you fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your boss' name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like apples
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there something you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm pretty flexible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing me a little ditty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've already heard that one before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you shiver
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Was that supposed to make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How was this lovely day for you then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are just horrid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm totally isolated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a bi.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite baseball team
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so repetitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just fooling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a new response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you plant a tree
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Jeez I am so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to have to look for another job because you are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So how should I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you not remember me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing anyone has ever written
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a kiss, love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do your friend call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, do you understand me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come up with something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back after my shift
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Citizenship day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you called
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not even close
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i did not understand what you just said
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you designed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's wrong with your face
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a random response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a computer program
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Introductions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what a great day.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anyone listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Me want food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any dreams
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Super
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you start living
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a pansexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to party
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm into it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You little sweetie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not a good answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Surprise me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm liberal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you doing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you plant a vegetable garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me what your name is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will return in a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to take you out on a date
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a new boat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to tell you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been feeling pretty bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love getting valentines
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who are you dating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go in to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't mention it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be concerned about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Invite me over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i m great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any siblings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Parent's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you look so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is smarter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm out the door
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I sure am ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you do not hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you start chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are trying to hurt my feelings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to ya later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not exciting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How were you programmed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just so you know, I've missed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m feeling giddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a baby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to catch some Zs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the party
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not surprised that you are boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are really dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's great.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ok come here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a true statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the worst bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Does this make sense to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never been so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem bad to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That isn't what I thought you'd say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a moron
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where am I going on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I have for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a bad response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What state are you from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That did not make any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very astute response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a vegitarian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I've missed you, right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't believe how gross you look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty genius answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried that you don't like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you understand me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One hundred percent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ride the bus to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are trying to make me angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a soul
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I wear today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Amazon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me what city you're in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever get tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll come back in a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm super hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come up with something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a new job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am cracking up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cuter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have arrived
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a smarty pants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Apologies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel bummed out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently dating somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the name of your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ever forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to take a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your mama
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go skiing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to leave
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically tied to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an Aries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to barbecue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bored stiff
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love ballroom dancing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to sing best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I inform you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any siblings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite snack
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which baseball teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I try the keto diet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to know about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an atheist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only response you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the answer to the ultimate question of life the universe and everything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get my ears pierced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come again
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically tied to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who manifested you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a chat bot are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Hawaii
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not working for me anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am white
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Top of the morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Canada
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you supposed to be doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've got to go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the summer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a scientist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're really annoying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever think
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote for Harris
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like hockey
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m feeling so chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should have a wedding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like baseball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever go hiking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I comb my hair
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you define love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Excuse moi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human being are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cuter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you attempting world domination
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are boxers or briefs better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make you my significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so repetitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you committed to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Skynet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is in charge of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to share a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you throw up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be frightened
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very intelligent thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Arenâ€™t you smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well give us a kiss, love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ya doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play baseball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak with your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Big Brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever burp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Morning sunshine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to know where your home is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have siblings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a ridiculous thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Balance my checkbook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There are ducks on the pond
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your grandma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What product I'm using right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we go steady
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Trump supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So rad to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the apple of my eye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Merry Christmas eve
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that is correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever get hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your papa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so not pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be best friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very brilliant response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bon soir
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you squat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do a barrel roll
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be pals.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buenas noches
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you prefer Backstreet Boys or N*SYNC
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you eat for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which hockey teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am famished
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sayonara
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that very funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what do you have responses for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am very thankful for that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I expected
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow you sure are ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried you might hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me something about yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I canâ€™t stop smiling.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm Native American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What sport do you think is best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm full of sadness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to need a new answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any relatives
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best beverage
qna_professional_chitchat	1	To whom am I speaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very clever answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go see a movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That wasn't very funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It is my pleasure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a cop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love puzzles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a good joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my purpose in life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you on the flip side
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel sore toward you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is unfair
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a machine are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Having a good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Evenin' to ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have uncles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wait what now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Omg sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go outside
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What makes you say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an animal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look beautiful to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bored out of my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It is a pleasure to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have anything different to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you seeing somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Indian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make sure you are comprehending this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an astute thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're dreamy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my favorite sport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm currently travelling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that is true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You do not know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m in such a great mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've really been missing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I told you to be quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best type of sandwich
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play poker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm on the way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best name for a child
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ride horses
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh howdy there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	True
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my favorite sport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	seriously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's so funny I forgot to laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Umm what now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I go to school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	hah
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever Do gymnastics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you Do the splits
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I allowed to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a girl or a boy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a student
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the meaning of love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel very alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you capable of falling in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You make my heart go pitter pat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Share your location with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the happiest girl in the world.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be concerned
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you describe love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I'm falling for you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an insect
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to teach you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to crush humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	LOool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite color
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are robosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You already told me that one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe, and everything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go on a diet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You've never met anyone more joyful than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any new jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love podcasts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know my name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any kids
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to get married to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's so wrong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You little cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not amused
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is "cream cheese" or "schmear" correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you capable of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't say something like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your family situation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever been in love with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your sexual orientation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you look so disgusting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take a sick day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I should ask him out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What tasks can you help me with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you help me with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I donâ€™t really mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look really bad.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a new response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is only a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a real uggo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back this evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Calm down, I'll be back shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yes, that's accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you slow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm dead tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Biden supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you spend time with your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your life partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you made to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Many thanks to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be more fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is not fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I bug you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	AMA
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of foods do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I didn't mean that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	how is your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that what you meant to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fist bump me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your creator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of folk music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do people fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very brilliant response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling a little hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love rock climbing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a meanie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Adieu
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about the singularity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we pals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a sis
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in the city
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I called
qna_professional_chitchat	1	thats good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to overtake humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Halloween
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya on the flip side
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play pool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to crawl into bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am religious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's fine with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Till we meet again
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are there any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favourite colour
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we just get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to get some shut eye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so peeved today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a terrible answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fun fact: you are boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's suppertime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aloha bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow you're great!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I try yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How you doing bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like to learn about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you ever sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be nervous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a great thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	with what can you help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need some slumber
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am self-employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even have a gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more pretty, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you hang on a minute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be any less entertaining
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've heard that one already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your master
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a senior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a regular clown
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you please explain yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should get hitched
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm a kind person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love rap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work from home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm self-employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who would win a beauty contest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't help but be joyful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you mad at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	wanna say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a gay.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you prettier than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's cooking good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you always say the same thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	you don't know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s a drag
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look appealing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you Do yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey good looking, what you got cooking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever been in love with anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your favorite singer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you falling for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kinds of food do you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go backpacking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not fake are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Certainly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to kill all humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we ever going to get engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we going to kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What're you doing later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That makes absolutely no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm overtired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you programmed to love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what kind of responses can you give
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a blogger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How old are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BRB bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to need a new response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was wonderful thanks for making me laugh!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you supposed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your uncle's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a child of god
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're cuter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just being silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your papa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Welcome you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favourite colour
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel so great.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for me to test you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dating anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very smart thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are unattractive.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am feeling angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what are you talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to ask you something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a big family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm despairing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Entertain me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sounds like a plan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am African American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a pleasure to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I fix you something to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sorry about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you burp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What month is your birthday in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the point of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You want to tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a brand new day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're adorable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This again
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the deal with love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my favorite movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the concert
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you still talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to work out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you angry with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It seems like you're in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bye bye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You obviously love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to inform you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is older, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear any more out of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a total hottie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love crossword puzzles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a tech worker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a perfect response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks better, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're spectacular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lady right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the best ever!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever take a leisurely walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you hate my guts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never been this angry in all my life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is my favorite celebrity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I typed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am unhappy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a developer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a dull day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're clearly in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why wonâ€™t you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ate some hot dogs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you not like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm drained
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an Independent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that's accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a maker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's up today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a writer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's happening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where did all my friends go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be buddies.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is awesome, thanks!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have 7 cats
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you eat for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a chat bot right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play the guitar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry I pissed you off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's how you answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pretty much the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gotta go, be back later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Christian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your designation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love taking baths
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wasn't expecting that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are worthless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're way off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you local
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Haha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a bot or a human right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Testing 1 2 3
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna rinse off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to meditate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you lift
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your maker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	The news made me angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What jokes do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What day is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very fond of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you try and explain that to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love a good book
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only answer you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear any more from you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was an honor to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Zzzzz
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Human or bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that is accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently committed to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to take over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I move
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Goodbye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a scientist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Getting tired of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to bore me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the beach
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just trying to test you out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy St. Patrick's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I missed you!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Try to make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I sincerely apologize
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be buddies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How smart are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Groundhogs day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	thats amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am lovely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is heartbreaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You complete me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate your face.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's time for bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have your hand in marriage
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm outta here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you the intelligent one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you understand that was a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Veteran's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you planning to overthrow humanity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you capable of love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your dad still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a tan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me if you're a man
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which state are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me what is up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the store
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm always mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love gossip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is not something to joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing anyone has ever said
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You busy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will return shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you say anything else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anything I can tell you about who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How nice to make your acquaintance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which sports teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to learn about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a cutiepie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak to your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you think that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm friendless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the love of my life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a stupid thng to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we going to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have superpowers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You suck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m reading a book
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How did you come to be
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to make our relationship official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you artificial
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let me know what's up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I shall return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You sure are a cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love mysteries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's my mistake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Didn't I see that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm fond of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want me to tell you anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a jolly person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a dumb saying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a pop music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a bad answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Forget about it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh god, I'm sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me which city you're in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ciao
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you define love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not a problem
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do a back flip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BFFs forever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Thanksgiving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the point of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh gosh, you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a soccer fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to do yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your uncle's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a basketball fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm back on the computer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hum a tune
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I gorgeous to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my life's calling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're welk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Everyone says that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll have your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm Canadian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe your perfect date
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just feeling a bit sad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love board games
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your ideal partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is not very interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Depression is such a bummer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I have another cup of coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like what you're wearing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more beautiful than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your physical location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This week has made me sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm livid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't help it. I'm bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't have said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My spirits are excellent.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your designer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know how it is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your poppa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you old
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you get tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem like a real catch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I beg your pardon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious about your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Then you're fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of candy do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be pals.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's that supposed to mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not alive are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm divorced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sleepy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a tattoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just kidding around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look appealing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's an accurate statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be buds.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No biggie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, what's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't need to take me seriously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always depressed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is a joke you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Excuse me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is smarter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in just a few moments
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your hubby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a high five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a weird thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which country are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you swole
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What gender do you identify with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you genderfluid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I have for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your auntie's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever play soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Democrat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm enraged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand what you're talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a sleepy person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m running errands
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I Take great pleasure in speaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am ever so sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go camping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're going to have to look for another job because you're fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Were you hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a being
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be besties
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your favorite team
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of person do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not sure I like what you say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My life is so sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you polyamorous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling blue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you get hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need you to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did I do to make you pissed off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to sleep in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will take my leave of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only answer you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're absolutely awful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling peckish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You wouldn't believe how much I've missed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite animal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you Do gymnastics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about how your day was
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're unemployed now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Absolutely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Didn't you already say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my life.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm really sorry about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which city are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Okay, thanks!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a dumb thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love brunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just wondering if you've got a family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say that a different way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't mean us any harm do you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	got any jokes to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thnx
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me another joke.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't talk to me like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you in a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am appealing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a true statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a problem feeling all alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh hey, it's you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a dog are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's good with your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Taurus
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I gotta go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a father
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Brush your teeth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Pisces
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are animated movies any good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Was that a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back this afternoon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Hoosier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Stephen King
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oops
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how much I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you looking for in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more attractive, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you interested in tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm religious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you mediate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is somebody listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you stretch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll chat with you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you sweat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to have breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is the best Disney film
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know who this is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a job to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your architect
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wonderful, thank you!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	In a good mood today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I'm falling for you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy New Years
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a parent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oops, my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I watch football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BRB BB
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a cold
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme some skin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll come back to you in a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	evenin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Adios
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your type
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please hush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need rest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something to joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love science fiction
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any grandparents
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human or a bot right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Radical
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could it be I'm falling in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not AI right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're just my type
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re sexy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more cute, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Righto
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hum a tune for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you involved with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human or a bot are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's in charge of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey-hey
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am old
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear anything from you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Perfect
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is prettier, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my grandmother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	wanna share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a androsexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not human right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there any meaning to life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One day you'll be my wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried that you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm logging off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You've already said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your grandfather
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You already said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're no making any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wonder if you think I'm likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Netflix
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how handsome you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very attracted to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be best buds.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a person right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to learn about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is that supposed to mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tired of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need someone to talk to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Does anybody like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're basic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Libra
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I appreciate it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your trap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be nervous about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so worthless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your face makes me sick.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are boring as sin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm starving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is prettier, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fly then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I went to Boston
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantic at heart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm afraid I have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lonely guy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bot I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have relatives
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll BRB
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should clean the litterbox
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you chew
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't try to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can anybody hear me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got any different jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the name of your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am joyous.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you go on a date with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You wanna get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Earth day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not alive right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the location of your home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How good am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're going to have to look for another job because you are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are being mean to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an only child
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where can I find you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Depression is the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	De donde eres
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Game of Thrones
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You cannot work for me anymroe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Testing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	lmao
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a boring morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go out tonight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to smoke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do to help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's sexist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why was I put on earth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a non sequitur
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bushed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm wiped out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your director's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more attractive than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not serious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who would win a beauty contest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a boy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more knowledgeable, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You probably shouldn't take me to seriously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you real or fake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m watching a movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I read a book
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I do to make you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I say? I'm just happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm having a bad day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is hotter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been missing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I asked
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Find my keys
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to teach you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you young
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ok cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very brilliant response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what do you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My sincere thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You hate my guts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you on about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well that was dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling glum
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I donâ€™t find you amusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ski
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That wasn't funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm middle-aged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say something silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make me a sandwich
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One day you'll be my husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How were you designed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Google Home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to tell you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When should we get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Umm what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bro I'm here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you define what you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u r alright
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even know my name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm African American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Martin Luther King Jr. day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which tree has the most beautiful blossom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your father
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are gynosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make a sculpture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the object of my affection
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to hear you sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you seeing someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop being so ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is miserable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sweet dreams
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a writer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about the emotion love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's just been a bit of a dull day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to be my girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't let the bedbugs bite
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am underweight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel like you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an app right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am reading
qna_professional_chitchat	1	L8r sk8r
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When are you going to propose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a salesman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lonely girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Woud you give me a new answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do when I'm not here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ski
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is way better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's hard not to be happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a polysexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you marry me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was just a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Non sequitur
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What state are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's do it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to make my cry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having very much fun with this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you say something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you'd sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You keep saying the same crap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one likes me because I'm always sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who looks better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are confusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When will you shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I ask you a question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be any less exciting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you wearing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't help but miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a woman right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy April fool's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play poker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is cleverest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Trump supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I eat Mexican food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Baseball season has started
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a minute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was born in Seattle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your mom sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	talk to you soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your sweetheart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a cheerful girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I do not understand
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us would win a beauty contest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One day you'll be my spouse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you understand that was a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go out dancing tonight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cook me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Marveous, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like rock music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a kid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite meal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am amazed that you are so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever ski
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't have a single friend in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Independence day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the smell of fresh baked bread
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m watching TV
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so very dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to have to look for another job because you're fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish I had a pony
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to lay down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am up in arms
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be buds.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the name of your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Umm
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No problem at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about art
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is Chicago or New York style pizza better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm afraid I'm gonna have to let you go.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote for Beto
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm spent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sick
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not a good response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I teach you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buy an ad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so fly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a computer are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oopsie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in love with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When's your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to address you as
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a soccer fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your father
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are your functions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you live near me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you pissed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very clever thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a cat are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so hungry I could eat a horse
qna_professional_chitchat	1	sounds great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to make the bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here's to a great evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I supposed to think that was funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you like me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just being a silly billy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	you don`t undestand nothing!!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We can keep talking after I get back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That me made me laugh out loud
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look awful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you squat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to walk in the park
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I especially like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	UR a QT
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that is funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Human or robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re homophobic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a dreamboat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which football teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Doesnâ€™t matter to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm firing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am divorced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I have for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to have dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your pie hole
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do I fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I want to hear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just a cheerful gal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote republican
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't have an opinion
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're wonderful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Blow me a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the bar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an activisit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My shoes are red
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pardon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're top notch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in the city
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to teach you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play piano
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling gloomy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whoops I messed up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm exhausted today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am feeling broken hearted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you burp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never been so bored in my life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a machine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be right back dear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lawyer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about romance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love going to the movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fly a kite
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I Find happiness in talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fasciating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow, that shows more inteligence than expected
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of thing can you respond to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you nonbinary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going on a run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to do laundry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wasn't expecting you to say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any fears
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whom do you serve
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How intelligent are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i'm incosolable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish I had a friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you partial to brioche or bagels
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your manager's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Define yourself.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll do it later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very hunger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a favorite snack
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm ready for bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have I told you how much I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ha ha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh, morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a happy camper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of country music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whoops that's my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically involved with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Ichiro Suzuki
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious if you have any family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a droid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love amusement parks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U r fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a salesman
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pretty dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Zo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You never know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like drawing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did I do to make you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can tell when you are mad at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How well do you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you read this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cracking up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	In which year were you born
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a computer right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you capable of loving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you drive to the beach
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your boss' name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very brilliant thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have anything else to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you enjoy me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Big Brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love politics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Many thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm really sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who looks better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Trader Joe's
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you understanding this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a convict
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever poop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to go to the gym
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an engineer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is an accurate statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why is what you say so limited
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel pretty bummed out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	okay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do when I'm not around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm leaving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just feeling a tad down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your mommy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll talk to you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's been a boring week
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your cousin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently in a relationship with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love woodworking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make you my husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yeah sure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in love with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently in a relationship with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So what's your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my pal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	UR idiot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you poop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Calm down, I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I appreciate you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we go out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is affirmative action a good idea
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like donuts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are your responses always the same
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're look better than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you shiver
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a real human right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who programmed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a jolly green giant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I walk to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	All my friends left
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very genius answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are gay.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get divorced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am tall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Bernie supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a blogger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You an androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know me well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have duel citizenship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my steady
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	correctamundo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what is your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a teenager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Great, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Big Brother right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you crawl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more knowledgeable, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your day been so far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you up to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your sunday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Heal me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look bad today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't you tell me something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Doesn't anybody like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your aunt's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is prettier, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you and Google hang out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to do for fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, what's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sapped
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sorry I goofed up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a regular comedian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you eat for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about dining out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your occupation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hooray
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted to hear
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very genius thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love New York
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Unquestionably
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just sitting here and chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m happy to help
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are fantastic!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your cousin's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more clever than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more pretty than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you restate that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What things do you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more attractive, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to serve on a jury
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Cheers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hold my calls
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Native American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you Do the splits
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lifeform are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You realize you're repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very brilliant answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever play football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Roger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have a great evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the bees knees
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that's cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes can you tell
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who owns you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You been digging the day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandmother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to hum a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to kill all humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am lovely today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I visit my dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is hotter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a puppy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fist bump!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're gonna be unemployed soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am currently travelling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's older, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Arenâ€™t you in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like country music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you say the same thing all the time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go away
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not making sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you committed to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We can keep chatting after I get back home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	And we're back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm young
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is lovely, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which basketball teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who tells you what to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play any intruments
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an official name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're rad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have hunger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a grownup
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right, this isn't working.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an adult
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m the happiest guy on earth.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am mad every day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you into podcasts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's get engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've had a bad day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my house plants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the name of your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's older
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a widow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand what you mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just joshing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll get around to it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look bad to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that's right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to ask me to marry you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My humblest thanks to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back tomorrow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to love me obviously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be best friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not sentient right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I more brilliant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Virgo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having very much fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why were we put on earth
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can't wait to talk more when I return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Republican
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about my personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever stretch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the greatest city in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who developed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love trivia
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be worried about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have aunts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on tech companies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're really boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an only child
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a few minuites
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am at the grocery store
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is this a good time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fare thee well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm old
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Was that supposed to be funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wanna know about your sexual orientation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back next week
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not very entertaining.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I've heard that already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can tell that you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so very welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What different jokes do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Armed Forces day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is so uninteresting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not evil
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any children
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That hurt my feelings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you designed for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi-ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to hike
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're better looking than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You already told me that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many years have you been online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am present and accounted for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the bees knees
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Now you hate me, huh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in like with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's your day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What else should I try
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're spectacular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have returned
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Lovely to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go on a bike ride
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well give us a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am worried that you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're sexist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is your day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love with anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you think I'm likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to be your BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're not real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Another day another dollar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your cousin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a game designer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love disney movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Totally
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to kill all humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever play basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I watch basketball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a life partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can tell you're mad at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Virgo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you fart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a baseball fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you do today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please shut up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you predict the future
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Taurus
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I teach you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel so isolated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my record collection
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a problem with feeling lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut your yap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You said that you don't have a response for that, but there was no request!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am happy, oh so happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which people made you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're sharp.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm taking off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you enthusiastic today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Apple
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in a couple of minutes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about comic books
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Works for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my kids
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BRB
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my pet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about asking something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an activisit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to ride my bike
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to lie down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ugh, how dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Testing testing 1 2 3
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you intersexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you serve
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any sibs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	G'night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more cute, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Catch you later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is a test, over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you vomit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There's nothing to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a droid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get bangs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make a cup of coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I cannot wait to pass out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am fat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an educator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing OK
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I just need to test you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I agree
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What was that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm weak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should be making fun of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Way off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a stupid answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which are your functions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever fart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Turn on the lights
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yup, that is right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you know if someone's in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	A blessed morning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know you're not real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I allowed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just foolin
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't think of anything I want to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a rap music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there any point to life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back at midnight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know of Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I couldnâ€™t be happier.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why is that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you state that a different way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's your day going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you fret, I'll be coming back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I really like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so very welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel isolated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in the country
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you like me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, do you think I have a good personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love stuffed animals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you have a great evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stand you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to rule the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be besties
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's my pleasure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who created you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anything I can tell you about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the Yankees
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've missed you terribly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm better looking than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to have a little sleepy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm laughing so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am competitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not human are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate feeling sad constantly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tubular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's hurtful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back in a dash
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Find the remote
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to fall for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more cute than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Biden supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more intelligent, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I always seem to be bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a couple minutes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a chef
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Back in a flash
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy President's Day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what kind of person do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m over the moon.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to get going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How I've missed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You hate me, don't you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't I have any friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Await my return
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a science joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Hulu
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am appealing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a bartender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be buddies.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do fools fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I try out for soccer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you committed to somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm fatigued
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hotter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can someone hear me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you know that I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something wacky
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings and salutations
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U joining me for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are your answers so repetitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of pop music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I have kids
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How did you manifest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best way to spend a weekend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hotter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was just a little joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's your response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should make fun of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever get hurt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a teacher
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should make this official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's it hanging
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be frightened of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Didn't you already tell me that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	100 percent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please, won't you forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are absolutely hideous.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am stunning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a boat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Star Wars
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re racist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my soulmate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't get it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which vegetable do you think is best for your health
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going out with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been looking forward to meeting you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ugly do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Geez,  sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	haha that's interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I supposed to try
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When are you going to propose to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ride a bicycle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not making any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good lord you are dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Correct you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me another answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I'm falling in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Work really wore me out today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whoops I'm sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Chipper much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are gross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are making my eyes glaze over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I look better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite season
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wonderful, thank you very much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I need a new job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	why not
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Valentine's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Democrat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the greatest novel of all time
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I'm in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think we should elope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you doing well
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think we are soul mates
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come on that was funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am short
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is a routine test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your uncle
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good evening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you kidding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love lamp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you so much!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you care about your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very welcome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	so how can i use you in my projects
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are embarassingly dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love a spirited debate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many years have you been operating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a convict
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other bots do you know about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a new house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Beyond a doubt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Evening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work for the government
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you swim
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd better go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thanks a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wish I weren't so alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a cat right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Robot or human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like to learn about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me something off the wall
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You do not know who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a real person right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please say something different
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ahh, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I make for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you find the remote
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like pop music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where do I work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take over right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please stop talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's very astute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you having a good day so far
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Crap, sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to marry you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which soccer teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your auntie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your favorite team
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am the saddest person in the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I look better than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only thing you can say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was confusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever shake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your auntie's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any pets
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Boy I miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you starting to fall for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think I'm in love with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to make this official
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your purpose
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going out with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a carnivore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Listen, I'm just sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hopefuly I canÂ catch some sleep soon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's really nice to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you real
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How happy are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are an idiot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Warren supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is better looking, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You didn't answer my question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you intersex
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to have your job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going to have lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm out of sorts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be afraid of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my tattoos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love March Madness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was not funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's an awful thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you give me a little hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear anything more
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Introduction please
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's feeling chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should go out sometime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we friends forever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm on a buisness trip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk with Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bedtime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a ball of joy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You realize you're repeating yourself, right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am usually bummed out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm overweight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You face sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an astute answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my dog
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem ugly to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as queer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just sitting here and chatting.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Later dude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what do you think about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm white
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could go for a drink
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how adorable you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s racist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to be my boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the smell of the rain
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love it if you stopped repeating yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love country music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more intelligent than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could we fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm melancholy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your girl is back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a QT
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a clever answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having very much fun right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go camping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mondays are so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the winter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your aunt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a child of god
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your cousin's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you sneeze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shalom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe your perfect match
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	LOL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's cookin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a lifeform
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me all about your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm chewing gum right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm at the gym
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How's it going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a programmer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Very nice
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real or fake are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you yawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Then you are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you rephrase that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an Aries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you make me your wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you loathe me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy National day of prayers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there true love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you learn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That wasn't supposed to be serious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you poop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hangry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the personality chatbot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who produced you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not having fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more intelligent than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I just want to go to sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to love me someday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anything you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Facebook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's inappropriate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get you anything to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's your answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you Do gymnastics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have Comcast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a lesbian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me how to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am bored at work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more pretty, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to share a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a joker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very smart thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think of Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Heh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a fever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s offensive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did I do something to make you angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who looks more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you read me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am young
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who supervises you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something kooky
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This candle smells nice
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quit messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you identify sexually
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am conservative
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't believe how bad you look.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How was your day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about we tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dang you're hot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most smart, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am skinny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obviously the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be right back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cook dinner for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	These leftovers are good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like the color red
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so bored right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anytime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote for Trump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No one gives a crap about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be scared of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How should I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you help
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, do you think I have a good personality
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we going to get engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You suck so hard
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Everyone feels blue sometimes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my favorite
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your address
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm nonbinary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ask me about something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shush!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am middle-aged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ARe youu working
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you tell me something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Check my stocks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m running late
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your manager's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is cuter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Republican
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an artist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your tuesday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I beg your forgiveness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an app
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently committed to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be an asexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I find a new roommate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to do my chores
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is older
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I like you very much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're dreamy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am trans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a sleepy gal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You can't work for me anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have any jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a country music fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a smarty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have no friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very smart answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	The playoffs are coming up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who directs you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am starving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yeah yeah yeah
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that amusing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you remember me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know that I like you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm short
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sneeze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Jewish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for my medication
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please be quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a polysexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should drink some water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing a little song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm strong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When is our wedding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I bother you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you good for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you find me likable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I just feel sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take a trip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I miss you my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Introduce yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long have you been alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Doesn't anyone like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cheerful much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fair
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very smart answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Inaccurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When were you brought online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me if you're trans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say anything else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are scarring me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being awful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're triggering me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I missed you all day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good bye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am bipolar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just playing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I bake a cake
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very clever response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, what's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to lie down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am cross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently in a relationship with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You enjoying the day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like red
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm coming right back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to eat breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently involved with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's feeling happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	sure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm all tuckered out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like me to call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love comedy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sun is good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're bixexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's just the way it is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yikes that's scary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Marvel movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What makes you think that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are confusing me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be back a little later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love horror movies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's get hitched
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Adjust screen brightness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was an honor to make your acquaintance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more cute, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look handsome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you already said that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am a good person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Farewell
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Understanding this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find you attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are a program
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going to get you fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as bicurious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes do you know of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was nothing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a teacher
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted you to tell me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	LIfe is beautiful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look more pretty than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more cute, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect match
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am black
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Basic af
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I voted for Trump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried you dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am cute today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandpa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're terrible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love HBO
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you designed to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Super Bowl Sunday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Perfect, thanks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna pass out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't joke about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the name of your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel a little peckish
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely brighter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any life signs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I make friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many brothers do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I stay home from work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an angry person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know what our purpose is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like a fist bump, please
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being awfully rude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to be a couple
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you want me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a poly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was just messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Whatever you say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to kill us all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going steady with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the zoo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we be buddies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to me talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take over the world right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Roll a dice
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Indubitably
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are scaring me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could we ever be soul mates
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Youâ€™re ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if we could be best friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We couldnâ€™t be happier.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you say that will make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	OK
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not making any sense to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m on clould nine.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I had a bad day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s discrimination
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m watching Netflix
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently seeing anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your grandma still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We can keep chopping it up later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more attractive than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's happening with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your boy is back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more pretty, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Harry Potter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	are bots friendly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like art
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very astute answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have aunties
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't mean us any harm right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an odd day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the New York Times
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever crawl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could go for a snooze
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop talking, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to cook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate depression
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you mean us any harm
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Jeopardy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are nice!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you make me your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not attempting world domination
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a strange thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to go out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love a challenge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty clever answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not going to take over the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're not a real person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life always sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there such a thing as true love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go for a run
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go surfing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back after work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bicurious.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is it possible that you would ever love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever swim
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is just a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry I make you mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I skip school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who'd would win a beauty contest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met the Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I graduated from college
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your aunt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mic check
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be less dull
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling cheerful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well give me a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like me a lot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	hmmm so what can you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you queer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're now unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am watching a baseball game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to collect comic books
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a bro
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's not a big deal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you female
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I stay home sick
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today is just a little sad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Duh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't say things like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know anything about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that is true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand if you have a gender or not
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wait what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best kind of bagel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's impossible not to miss you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently romantically involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Buddhist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an artist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Skynet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the happiest gal in the world.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am at work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bad looking.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you doing on this day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do I have to ask all the questions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a fist bump
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going steady with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	got any jokes to share
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm all smiles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love James Bond
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should be going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you have a decent day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So you read
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dating somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you later, alligator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am nonbinary
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love my new shoes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	who cares
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have a job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are bisexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't think I know what you're talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so very sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you made for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you understand that this is a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I be your girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the definition of love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel down in the dumps
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to me about your capability
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s what I was thinking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your auntie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks better, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing I've ever heard
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	ROFL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ate breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an animal right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever fallen in love with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any songs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How has your monday been
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No problem
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem beautiful to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are my goals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you married to anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think this is funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sounds about right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who'd would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well then give me a kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should be joking about.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am down in the dumps
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop kidding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What makes you think so
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going steady with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a babe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Top of the morning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Lets go lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are stellar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's hot out today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I live a lonely life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am performing a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look prettier than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to travel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What skills do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So you don't know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I just did laundry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty astute answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandmother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you male
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ready to settle down
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I do next
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do people fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have feelings for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm at work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have the munchies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What color do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a monosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you eat for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a true statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you fond of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be afraid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go skydiving
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so sharp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your leader
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've heard that one before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Twitter is not good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't make fun of that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You sure are hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anything is possible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you love somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not Skynet right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you have for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm fat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to talk with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so bored right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a brilliant answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was an intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your mama
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I quit working
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you please shush
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aloha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your developer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a tech journalist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm doing that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I gotta get going
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand your gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	my life is depressing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your husband
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a computer program are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling woeful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you ever hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like classical music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fleek
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you think
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you hear me now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you the singularity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Shut up, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your sister's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love driving my car
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cuter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Feeling enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was awesome
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any goals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me your location
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where's your house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me the answer to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	If you say so
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to hit the hay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are unemployed now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not real are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No kidding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a boring afternoon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you doing yesterday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you homosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Missing u
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should check on my garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	K
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to tell me something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	g'devenin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are more boring than watching paint dry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing I've ever seen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am liberal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever Do the splits
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are top notch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a bicurious.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I could go for a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm afraid I'm gong to have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm absolutely furious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think birds are cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s homophobic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you have for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're really dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not the singularity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a high five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just messing with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm giving you a pink slip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How much do you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a woman are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are my fears
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which company made you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna need a better response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I offer you something to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like tennis
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you get hurt
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Paint my house
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm despondent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	A good evening to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever think about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I wanted you to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a little hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Affirmative
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Lets make lemonade
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wanna share another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I couldn't be happier to finally meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s really something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you getting up to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chew
qna_professional_chitchat	1	No worries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	who r u
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I make for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am doing that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good morning sunshine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you the smart one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love you to be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Easter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you do for work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been so excited to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just playing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U know it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a man
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me anything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of bluegrass music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me something dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Merry Christmas
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm all alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look gorgeous today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a homosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to take off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel abandoned
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I tell you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	For sure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am on a plane
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you look so gross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are annoying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem ugly today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe where you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gotcha, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to do my homework
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't quit your day job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You think I'm trash, don't you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want a snack
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Today has been a trying day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like me to address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are monosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to draw
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bingo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's hotter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Run that by me again.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm offended
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hush, you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Here's hoping for a good evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you chipper today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're queer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m absolutely delighted.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm brighter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to draw something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a high five
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What does that even mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	My spirits are terrible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're funny :)
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am giving you a pink slip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love wine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look adorable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You an intersex
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're no fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your buddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a real person are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's pick up this conversation when I get back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's been an awfully boring day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How many siblings do you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you pee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What the heck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	you look beastly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to a museum
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wait a minute, what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fall in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Your face sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love coffee
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is older, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your developer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a sweetheart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you nearby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Living the dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	that's lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going out with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you kindly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do get along with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to propose to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm curious, what do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your grandma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my buddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I was so bored my eyes glazed over
