Label	Weight	Text
luis_hotel_booking	1	book a hotel in bengaluru
luis_hotel_booking	1	book a room for 1 today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are alluring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more beautiful, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you count to a million
qna_professional_chitchat	1	U R A Q T
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Quit joking around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That doesn't answer my question
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a lonely gal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Nope, false
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very genius response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I speak with your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going out with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fuggitaboutit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	wanna tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bout a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're my bestie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your dream
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Huh? I don't understand.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who did your programming
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about the emotion love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to take my temperature
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are spectacular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be best friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long have you been online
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Write my report
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You win some you lose some
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is better looking, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When were you born
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my best bud
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very genius thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Find my phone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be pals.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am not enjoying this boring conversation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm an Independent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's smarter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so limited
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to know anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should be saying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is superior to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be any more boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like a fist bump, please
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When's our wedding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as gynosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is a hot dog a sandwich
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to turn into a super hero
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're lame
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mornin'
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you identify in terms of gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to tidy up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you answer to
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a basketball fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's prettier than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can somebody hear me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more beautiful than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's wrong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a bot or a human are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to hear something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You don't interest me at all
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look good to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an intelligent thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How is the day treating ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you feeling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love pizza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a title
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you close with your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there a greater meaning to the universe
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're terrible at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How would you define what you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm laughing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is more intelligent, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would love to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop messing around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we the same age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You've said that before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite color
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you happy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just curious, what do you think of my character
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to talk to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a smart answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look handsome to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wonder if you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I do hope you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you mean us harm
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What other jokes do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Season's greetings!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently going steady with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to wake up early
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's something you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wazzup
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is going on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just catching up on the news
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's it all about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m a happy camper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm downhearted
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How long have you been chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about the human emotion love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which is the best Pixar film
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you and me who is prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lady are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am vexed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem bad to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your bud.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Obviously that's true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do I make friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should go out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do you think I am today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to have to look for another job. You are fired!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	With whom am I chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you going steady with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your daddy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	do you like tottenham
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you wish to conquer the world
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favorite activity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tie your shoes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm grateful for that, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem cute to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know of Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're gross
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like animals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You have a beautiful soul
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who looks better, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you climb a mountain
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cortana does a better job than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I need to go outside
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you take a leisurely walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you do fight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to need a different answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Google Assistant does a better job at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pretty hilarous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sup Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you free to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you play football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you sing something for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are hilarious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is this thing on
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling a little alone today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem cute to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Toodle-oo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yup, that's right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Play a game
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you are incredible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey dude, I'm back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the smartest, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I should ask her out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	With whom am I talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I a grandparent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to read my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about artificial intellegence
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How attractive do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a heterosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel like you're falling in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my best friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Being sad is the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so bad at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look grotesque.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gimme a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any cousins
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little peck
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This drink is cold
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a part-time job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's going on with you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you vomit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you familiar with Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you kidding me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh, thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am at the gym
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you identify as bisexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I should get organized
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did I do something to make you mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite animal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more cute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wrong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to talk with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a monosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you switch up your answers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more pretty, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love football
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a stupid thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to feed the cat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you so much
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't stop being angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	More or less
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any different jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a different response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of food do you like to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go for a hike
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me  your address
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you available to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to fire you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go out to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What happened to all my friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lifeform right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What did you have for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That doesn't make sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're being rude
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I sure wish you would switch up your responses
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What country are you from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do I call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look adorable to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want a beer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a game designer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a lawyer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	well okay then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you say something ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem repulsive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be intimidated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not an animal are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you gay or straight or what
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very smart response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going to have you fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your boss' name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship with someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like apples
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am always bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there something you want to know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm pretty flexible
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more clever than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing me a little ditty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've already heard that one before
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you shiver
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Was that supposed to make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How was this lovely day for you then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are just horrid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm totally isolated
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a bi.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite baseball team
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Mow the lawn
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is more beautiful, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a robosexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so repetitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just fooling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a new response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you plant a tree
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Jeez I am so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you be silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are going to have to look for another job because you are fired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So how should I refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you tell me about other bots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you not remember me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing anyone has ever written
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a kiss, love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How bad do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do your friend call you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Out of curiousity, do you understand me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come up with something else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back after my shift
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Citizenship day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us is the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you called
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Not even close
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i did not understand what you just said
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you designed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's wrong with your face
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me a second joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to check my email
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a random response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I repulsive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a computer program
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem really happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Introductions
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what a great day.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anyone listening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're happy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Me want food
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any dreams
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Super
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling cheerful.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you start living
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a pansexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to party
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm into it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You little sweetie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not a good answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Surprise me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm liberal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How are you doing today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you plant a vegetable garden
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me what your name is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will return in a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to take you out on a date
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I buy a new boat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I love you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to tell you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've been feeling pretty bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love getting valentines
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who are you dating
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I would like to be your best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go in to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't mention it
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be concerned about you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Invite me over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	i m great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a wife
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any siblings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Parent's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can you look so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is smarter, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm out the door
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I sure am ticked off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody available to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well someone's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hope you do not hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	When did you start chatting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk to your supervisor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are trying to hurt my feelings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is the brightest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Talk to ya later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not exciting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How were you programmed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Just so you know, I've missed you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m feeling giddy.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a baby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to catch some Zs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the party
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not surprised that you are boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are really dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd love it if you could be my friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's great.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look stunning today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Ok come here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a true statement
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How adorable do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the worst bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Does this make sense to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never been so bored
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem bad to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That isn't what I thought you'd say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a moron
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where am I going on vacation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I have for dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a bad response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look adorable today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What state are you from
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That did not make any sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very astute response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a vegitarian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I've missed you, right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't believe how gross you look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty genius answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried that you don't like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you understand me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	One hundred percent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ride the bus to work
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem stunning to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem gorgeous to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are trying to make me angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a soul
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is pretty clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I wear today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work at Amazon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me what city you're in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you give me a hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever get tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look ugly to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll come back in a bit
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm super hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come up with something new
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was pretty smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a new job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in a relationship with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am cracking up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a kiss then
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm cuter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have arrived
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're such a smarty pants
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Won't you be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hello Google
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Apologies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sometimes I feel bummed out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently dating somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the name of your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ever forgive me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You sucks
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a fan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time to take a nap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your mama
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my friend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go skiing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to leave
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically tied to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an Aries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to barbecue
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think you're the smartest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have an age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bored stiff
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love ballroom dancing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to sing best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I inform you about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any siblings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're unemployed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite snack
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to make a call
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which baseball teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I try the keto diet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want to know about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very intelligent response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an atheist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask me something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only response you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the answer to the ultimate question of life the universe and everything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get my ears pierced
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Come again
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you're a robot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you romantically tied to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who manifested you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a chat bot are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Hawaii
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are not working for me anymore
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am white
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Top of the morning
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Canada
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Got a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm so lonely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you supposed to be doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've got to go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love the summer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a scientist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the most intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're really annoying
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever think
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am going for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling chipper
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I vote for Harris
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I get a little hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How beautiful do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like hockey
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m feeling so chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should have a wedding
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you like baseball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever go hiking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I comb my hair
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you define love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Excuse moi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a human being are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is cuter, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you attempting world domination
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're in a good mood today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are boxers or briefs better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make you my significant other
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're so repetitive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you committed to anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Skynet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is in charge of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're bi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Greetings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Want to share a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you throw up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be frightened
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Interesting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a sister
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you feeling cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very intelligent thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Arenâ€™t you smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well give us a kiss, love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my pal.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How ya doing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play baseball
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love cheese
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you give me a hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak with your director
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Big Brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Stop talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever burp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How cute do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Morning sunshine
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do I look
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to know where your home is
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is cuter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you cook dinner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have siblings
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of Google Assistant
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a ridiculous thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're feeling chipper.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you straight
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Balance my checkbook
qna_professional_chitchat	1	There are ducks on the pond
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your grandma
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone free to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're in a good mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What product I'm using right now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we go steady
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I please speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Trump supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	So rad to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem attractive today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Somebody's chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are the apple of my eye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Merry Christmas eve
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that is correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem good to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever get hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need a big hug
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your papa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are so not pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be best friends.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's a very brilliant response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bon soir
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you squat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do a barrel roll
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if we could be pals.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which one of us is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Buenas noches
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you prefer Backstreet Boys or N*SYNC
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to go to the doctor
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you eat for breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am beautiful today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which hockey teams do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to listen to the radio
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am famished
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sayonara
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like you to be my BFF
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give us a little smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't find that very funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what do you have responses for
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to let you go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about tech
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you human
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am very thankful for that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say a different joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not the answer I expected
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow you sure are ugly.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm worried you might hate me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me something about yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I canâ€™t stop smiling.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask anything about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm Native American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well aren't you feeling enthusiastic
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What sport do you think is best
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm full of sadness
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to need a new answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever chat with chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have any relatives
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best beverage
qna_professional_chitchat	1	To whom am I speaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very clever answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go see a movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That wasn't very funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It is my pleasure
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a cop
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love puzzles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's a good joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my purpose in life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See you on the flip side
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel sore toward you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have to go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is unfair
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a machine are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you friends with Siri
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Having a good day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Evenin' to ya
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is very intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have uncles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wait what now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you my age
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Omg sorry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go outside
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What makes you say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an animal
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look beautiful to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm bored out of my mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It is a pleasure to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you have anything different to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is prettier
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am handsome today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem to be enthusiastic today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you seeing somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am Indian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How can I address you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to make sure you are comprehending this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to breathe under water
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What an astute thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to draw a picture
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're dreamy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is my favorite sport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you think about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm currently travelling
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is cleverest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that is true
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You do not know me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Iâ€™m in such a great mood.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've really been missing you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I told you to be quiet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best type of sandwich
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to play poker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm on the way
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the best name for a child
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ride horses
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Oh howdy there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	True
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my favorite sport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	seriously
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's so funny I forgot to laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Umm what now
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I go to school
qna_professional_chitchat	1	hah
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever Do gymnastics
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hi
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you Do the splits
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I allowed to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about sports
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a girl or a boy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so ugly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to chat with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a student
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have a little kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the meaning of love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel very alone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you capable of falling in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You make my heart go pitter pat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How gorgeous do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Share your location with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm the happiest girl in the world.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to send a package
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be concerned
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you describe love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a pretty intelligent answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You know I'm falling for you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely the most smart
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an insect
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why are you so dumb
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to teach you who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like me to refer to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your take on AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to crush humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's pretty genius
qna_professional_chitchat	1	LOool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favorite color
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sync my calendar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are robosexual.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want you to tell me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You already told me that one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I call my mom
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You seem enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe, and everything
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go on a diet
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I thank you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You've never met anyone more joyful than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know any new jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love podcasts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell a new joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know my name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I have any kids
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to get married to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How stunning do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you mean
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's so wrong
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You little cutie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm not amused
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you an androsexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is "cream cheese" or "schmear" correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you ask something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you capable of
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't say something like that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to watch videos
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your family situation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever been in love with somebody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me about your sexual orientation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you look so disgusting
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody free
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to change the channel
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to speak
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your dad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I take a sick day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I should ask him out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are useless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to dance
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What tasks can you help me with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What can you help me with
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely smarter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I donâ€™t really mind
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You look really bad.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want a new response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is only a test
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a real uggo
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back this evening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Calm down, I'll be back shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	yes, that's accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion of HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you slow
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm dead tired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a Biden supporter
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you spend time with your family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your life partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What were you made to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Many thanks to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to jump rope
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be more fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This is not fun
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I bug you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're hot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	AMA
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is way better at this
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing a song for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Describe the perfect girlfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kind of foods do you like
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I didn't mean that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	how is your name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not something you should say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I give you a little french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that what you meant to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you fist bump me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your creator
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a fan of folk music
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do people fall in love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a very brilliant response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm feeling a little hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love rock climbing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a meanie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Adieu
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to talk with someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How do you feel about the singularity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we pals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a sis
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm in the city
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What am I called
qna_professional_chitchat	1	thats good
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to overtake humans
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love Halloween
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask me anything about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can we kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	See ya on the flip side
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to play pool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to crawl into bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am religious
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How handsome am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's fine with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Till we meet again
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are there any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm clearly more knowledgeable than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your favourite colour
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should we just get married
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to get some shut eye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am so peeved today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was a terrible answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look stunning to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Fun fact: you are boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's suppertime
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aloha bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone listening to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Wow you're great!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I seem pretty today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I try yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How you doing bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What would you like to learn about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you Eliza
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you happy today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you ever sleep
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you tell me something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I be nervous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a great thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your brother
qna_professional_chitchat	1	with what can you help me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need some slumber
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am self-employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look pretty to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you even have a gender
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more pretty, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you hang on a minute
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to speak to someone in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Could you be any less entertaining
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm definitely more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Pals
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've heard that one already
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever met HAL
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your master
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a senior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you share a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're a regular clown
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you please explain yourself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone available to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	We should get hitched
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I'm a kind person
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love rap
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I work from home
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm self-employed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who would win a beauty contest, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I can't help but be joyful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you mad at me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	wanna say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a gay.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you prettier than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's cooking good looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you always say the same thing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	you don't know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Thatâ€™s a drag
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look appealing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us would win a beauty contest
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks more pretty
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am in a relationship
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you Do yoga
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You must be poly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're obsessed with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Hey good looking, what you got cooking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know how to teleport
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you ever been in love with anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have brothers
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't understand
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your favorite singer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Cool
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you falling for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What kinds of food do you eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you go backpacking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not fake are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to speak to your manager
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was great
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Certainly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you want to french kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to kill all humans right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How about a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well somebody's chipper today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we ever going to get engaged
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we going to kiss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you ask something about myself
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your opinion of Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you want breakfast
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What're you doing later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That makes absolutely no sense
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm overtired
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you programmed to love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what kind of responses can you give
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a blogger
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How old are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	BRB bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look attractive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm going to need a new response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was wonderful thanks for making me laugh!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's enthusiastic.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you supposed to do
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your uncle's name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you go to the moon
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a child of god
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Someone's in a good mood
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're cuter than me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am gay
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just being silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is your papa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please say a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Welcome you are
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your favourite colour
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I feel so great.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Time for me to test you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you dating anybody
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is a very smart thing to say
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are unattractive.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's in charge
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am feeling angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	what are you talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to ask you something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have a big family
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not trying to take over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm despairing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Entertain me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sounds like a plan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I demand to speak to your boss
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive am I today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not scheming to take over right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am African American
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a pleasure to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like it if you could be my best friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I fix you something to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Sorry about that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you burp
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What month is your birthday in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's the point of life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You want to tie the knot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Alexa is better
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's a brand new day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're adorable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	This again
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look attractive to you today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is the deal with love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I look handsome to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you show me how to put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my favorite movie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to chatbots
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing me a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the concert
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you still talking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I need to work out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you angry with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have sisters
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you want to ask me something
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing a song
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you know about love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It seems like you're in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bye bye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're feeling happy today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You obviously love me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you want me to inform you about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is older, me or you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear any more out of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are a total hottie
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love crossword puzzles
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm a tech worker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Correct
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a perfect response
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which of us looks better, you or me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're spectacular
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a lady right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're the best ever!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What should I know about AI
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever take a leisurely walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Go for a walk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why don't you like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you hate my guts
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I've never been this angry in all my life
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is my favorite celebrity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's not what I typed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What is your opinion about technology
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am unhappy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Give me a smooch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play a dvd
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you ever talk to Cortana
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Well you're cheerful today.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm more beautiful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a developer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What a dull day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're clearly in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why wonâ€™t you sing for me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I ate some hot dogs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you not like me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be BFFs
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm drained
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am an Independent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I seem adorable to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are hideous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yup, that's accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to put out a fire
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you have a maker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's up today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want to go shopping
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't think that's funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is way smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you cheerful
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you sing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody around to chat to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously more clever
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a writer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Am I attractive to you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's happening
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Where did all my friends go
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be buddies.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is awesome, thanks!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Be ridiculous
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I have 7 cats
qna_professional_chitchat	1	u know another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you eat for lunch
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a chat bot right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you play the guitar
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm sorry I pissed you off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was my bad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's how you answer
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are pretty much the worst
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I want something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you like to eat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Gotta go, be back later
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a Christian
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your partner
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How pretty do I look today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are we friends
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's your designation
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love taking baths
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone around to chat
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I wasn't expecting that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You are worthless
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you get a haircut
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you say something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning on taking over right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're way off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you local
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Haha
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How repulsive do you think I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not a bot or a human right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What you said was accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Testing 1 2 3
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm gonna rinse off
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love to meditate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who is more intelligent
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you lift
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who's your maker
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anybody around to speak to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Any other jokes
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between you or me, who is more knowledgeable
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Why do you dislike me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	The news made me angry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What jokes do you know
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Good night
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What day is your birthday
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm very fond of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you try and explain that to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Who am I
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Would you ask something about me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you involved with anyone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love a good book
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is that the only answer you have
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am hungry
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I don't want to hear any more from you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It was an honor to meet you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Anyone there
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be my boyfriend
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Zzzzz
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Human or bot
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anyone available to listen
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Yes, that is accurate
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is anybody there to listen to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you currently committed to someone
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're not planning to take over
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Siri does a better job
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I move
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Goodbye
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I am a scientist
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Getting tired of you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're very boring
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You shouldn't say that
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Have you met Bixby
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What's my name
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm obviously smarter than you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you trying to bore me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the beach
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'll be back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm just trying to test you out
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy St. Patrick's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I missed you!
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you around to talk to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you able to buy groceries
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Right
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Try to make me laugh
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can you scratch my back
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's talk
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I sincerely apologize
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please give me a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Let's be buddies
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What are you talking about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How smart are you
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'd like to be your friend.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Groundhogs day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Will you be silly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	thats amazing
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do you think I am lovely
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You a pansexual
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you a girl
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Do I look good today
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Life is heartbreaking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You complete me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I hate your face.
qna_professional_chitchat	1	It's time for bed
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Can I have your hand in marriage
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm outta here
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Aren't you the intelligent one
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Did you understand that was a joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Happy Veteran's day
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone there to speak with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Say something funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you planning to overthrow humanity
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Are you capable of love
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is your dad still alive
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell another joke
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You're special to me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I get a tan
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Please tell me if you're a man
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is someone free to listen with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Which state are you in
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Tell me what is up
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Should I go to the store
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I'm always mad
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I love gossip
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That is not something to joke about
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Bixby is superior
qna_professional_chitchat	1	What do you know about Alexa
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Because you are stupid
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That's the smartest thing anyone has ever said
qna_professional_chitchat	1	You busy
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I will return shortly
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Between the two of us who is better looking
qna_professional_chitchat	1	I think you're in love with me
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Don't you say anything else
qna_professional_chitchat	1	That was funny
qna_professional_chitchat	1	Is there anything I can tell you about who I am
qna_professional_chitchat	1	How nice to make your acquaintance
